Stand User: SpongeBob is a childish, joyful, sea sponge who lives in a pineapple with his pet snail Gary in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom. He works as a fry cook, a job in which he is exceptionally skilled. He attends boating school, though he has yet to receive a driver's license due to his inability to drive a boatmobile properly. SpongeBob is very good-natured and loves to hang out with his best friend Patrick. Stand Name: 
Pineapple Express allows him to travel through water by floating on its surface. When not using it, he can use it like an umbrella. It also enables him to float at great speeds thanks to its ability to absorb water. In addition, when submerged under water, he becomes invisible for short periods of time. His Stand, Pineapple Express, was created from Gary's discarded shell after being attacked by Jolyne during their first meeting. The two are then joined together into one organism that grows tentacles and uses them to attack people. However, they cannot be used against people unless someone touches them. As such, if anyone tries to touch him, he will automatically turn invisible, but this only lasts until someone touches him. This makes him vulnerable to attacks such as Sticky Fingers or even the Joestar family's Stands.

Stand User: Mr. Krabs is the owner and founder of the Krusty Krab restaurant. He is extremely greedy and obsessed with money. He normally freaks out if anything at all happens to his money. He will do almost anything to obtain or preserve money, no matter how small the amount, usually with no regards to the safety or well-being of others or even himself. He is prone to fits of insanity if he has to give up as much as a penny. He often goes to irrationally great lengths to acquire or to avoid losing money with little, if any, regard to the safety or well-being of others or even himself. Stand Name: 
The Money Monster is an illusion that appears in the form of a large pile of cash on top of a table. It can be used by its user to steal from their victim, but it also makes them believe they have lost everything when actually they've only stolen some coins. When activated, The Money Monster causes any object within range (including itself) to appear to crumble into dust and then crumble. If someone touches it, however, nothing happens. This ability allows for the theft of huge amounts of cash, which are difficult to recover from. However, once stolen, there is little chance of recovering it. In addition, whenever anyone tries to retrieve something, such as a wallet, the entire stack falls apart and disintegrates into dust.

Stand User: Mario is the main character and protagonist of the long-running and highly successful Mario franchise. Mario's main traits are his red hat, thick mustache, Italian accent, cheerful personality, heavy use of power-ups, and high jumping ability. Stand Name: 
Super Mario Run allows him to run at incredible speeds thanks to its ability to turn into a ball when he jumps on it. He can also jump from one platform to another by using his hat. His hat acts as an air cushion that protects him against attacks while running.

Stand User: Princess Peach is the ruler of the Mushroom Kingdom. Peach has an affinity for the color pink, which accents her gentle personality and kind temperament. Her kingdom is often attacked by the Koopa Troop, a group led by Bowser. She is the love interest of Mario. Peach's initial design was said to represent her stubborn yet cute appearance. Stand Name: 
Pink Pearl is the name given to the ability that allows Peach to transform into a pink pearl. It can be used as a form of camouflage or even as a weapon. The pearl itself appears in its entirety when it is transformed but only shows up on one side at first. When transformed, it becomes transparent with a light pink hue around it. This effect lasts until someone touches it, then vanishes once they are no longer touching it. However, if anyone tries to touch the pearl, their hand will turn pink.