Stand User: Akira Otoishi is an antagonist featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Made a Stand user by Keicho Nijimura, Otoishi steals the Arrow from him and begins to battle the Joestar Group in order to drive them away or kill them then be able to commit his crimes in Morioh undisturbed. His Stand is the electricity based Red Hot Chili Pepper. Otoishi is highly self-centered, using his newfound power to steal from various people and wreak havoc among the town, and even killing whoever gets in his way without hesitation. He is dedicated to his craft as a musician; wishing also for recognition or fame as a Rock star. After he is released from prison, he continues to pursue this goal. Otoishi expresses himself through his guitar, such as channeling his anger at Josuke for breaking his pinky. Josuke describes him as an intelligent coward that goes into hiding until he knows that he can beat or kill someone. While he is cautious, there are times when he slips up or becomes overconfident. For example, when he called Jotaro to try and get him to leave, he inadvertently mentioned he was a student. When confronting Josuke for the first time, Otoishi underestimated Josuke's power, later making the exact same mistake when he confronts Josuke a second time at the pier in person. Despite this, he has the capacity to learn from his mistakes, as proclaimed by himself. Due to the nature of his Stand, he is confident but also intelligent enough to utilize its abilities to the maximum and is somewhat proficient at manipulation, evident through his battle with Okuyasu. However, while intelligent, he often fails to notice smaller details that could lead to his downfall as shown in his fight with Josuke. After being sent to prison, he seems to have reformed and is no longer causing trouble as shown in Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan. Red Hot Chili Pepper is a small humanoid Stand which can travel through electrical current and absorb electricity to empower itself. When powered up, it is a physically powerful Stand able to trade blows with the likes of Crazy Diamond but exhausts its energy quickly. Guitar Play: Otoishi is a competent guitar player, and is notably able to compose a solo on the spot and use right-hand tapping. His ability to perform a solo is such that he can forcibly reset a broken pinky in the middle of playing. Guitar Play: Otoishi was one of the many people Keicho Nijimura shot with the Bow and Arrow while trying to find a Stand user capable of killing his mutated father, being fortunate enough to develop a Stand, naming it Red Hot Chili Pepper, after which he became interested in Stands and their creation. To further his rather self-centered goal, Otoishi uses his Stand to murder Keicho and forcefully wrest the Bow and Arrow from him. From there on, he watched and tormented several people, among them Josuke Higashikata, while trying to improve in the use of his guitar skills. Otoishi phones Jotaro at his hotel, warning him to leave Morioh, adding that he killed Keicho, has the Bow and Arrow, and that he won't bother them if they don't bother him. Lashing out at Jotaro for deducing that he's a student, Otoishi has his Stand destroy the phone. The theft of the Bow and Arrow causes Jotaro Kujo to mark him as a threat and search for a way to find the location of his person, as his Stand allows him to interact with others from a distance via electricity. Otoishi sends his Stand through Josuke's TV, fighting him and his Stand, Crazy Diamond, in order to test his strength in preparation for the event of a confrontation with Jotaro. In order to help discover Otoishi's whereabouts, Jotaro calls on Joseph Joestar in order to again make use of his Stand, Hermit Purple. Immediately, Otoishi discovered their plans, which led to a short skirmish with Okuyasu Nijimura, the younger brother of Keicho, where he learned that Red Hot Chili Pepper had a time limit, as when not reserving enough electricity, it grows weaker. Using this to his advantage, Okuyasu savagely beat the Stand before he accidentally opened a hole within the floor that led to a power line. This allowed Chili Pepper to reabsorb enough energy to defeat Okuyasu and nearly kill him if not for Josuke's intervention. During their next confrontation, Otoishi himself personally showed up to kill Joseph, revealing himself to Josuke and Koichi Hirose. He believed Josuke to be an easy match, underestimating his junior, which led him to make mistakes and suffer injuries. Otoishi eventually decides to empower Chili Pepper with the entire city of Morioh's electrical supply, resulting in it receiving a massive boost in strength and speed and allowing it to overtake Crazy Diamond with little trouble. Josuke manages to trap the Stand in a rubber tire, but Chili Pepper punctures a hole. Otoishi's overconfidence was the reason for his defeat, as the tire's air pushed it into the ocean along with Chili Pepper, dismantling the Stand and bringing him to near-death. Even seemingly losing consciousness while standing up, Otoishi used a last-ditch effort to get himself onto the boat that Joseph was on, disguising himself as a Speedwagon Foundation operator. Okuyasu, acting as the bodyguard for Joseph, saw this and prepared to attack him, but Otoishi confused him by saying the other SPW Foundation operator was the real Otoishi. Okuyasu, not used to brainwork, decided that he would hit both and luckily struck Otoishi first. Otoishi was later put on trial with a sentence of three years behind bars with no bail or parole for the things he had stolen. It was there that Jotaro confronted him, saying that if he tried to escape, he and Josuke would hunt him down to the ends of the earth and put an end to him. Otoishi later reveals to Jotaro that he had shot the rat Bug-Eaten, but hides the fact that he actually shot two rats (Bug-Eaten and Not Bug-Eaten). Otoishi, newly released from prison, asks for Rohan's autograph along with Tamami Kobayashi, claiming to be a big fan of his. Both are harshly rebuked by Rohan's editor Minoru Kagamari, who tells them that Rohan is busy at the moment, but Rohan, in turn, scolds his editor for treating him like a "slow mangaka who can't sign autographs" before signing autographs for the two of them with coffee using a special dripping technique. Otoishi is first featured and debuts as a playable character in All Star Battle. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Otoishi can turn Red Hot Chili Pepper on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush Exclusive to Otoishi is a Power Gauge, a two-meter gauge which affects his abilities depending on how much of it is filled, its power constantly draining and being consumed whenever he uses abilities or has Red Hot Chili Pepper on. If it is empty, Otoishi is temporarily unable to use skills or moves, even his Throw, or summon Red Hot Chili Pepper, leaving him with his normal attacks. If it is filled past the first meter, Otoishi enters "Level MAX" Mode, increasing the damage and speed of his skills as well as altering their properties, with Chili Pepper visually becoming brighter as more sparks and electric crackles come off of it. Chili Pepper stays in Level MAX Mode even after the gauge drops below the second level, provided Otoishi doesn't turn the Stand off. Power Gauge "Level MAX" Mode While Red Hot Chili Pepper is off: While Red Hot Chili Pepper is on: Otoishi's HHA, "I'll beat you with my pinky! ", has Chili Pepper uppercut with its little finger out. If it connects, Chili Pepper turns the opponent into electricity and drags them into the ground as Otoishi rocks out on his guitar. The opponent is dragged around in a circle and dealt damage before Chili Pepper comes back up and throws them away. The HHA can restore the Power Gauge to the first level if it is not already at it or above, and does more damage at Level MAX. I'll beat you with my pinky! Otoishi's GHA, "You wanna get nuts?! Let's get nuts! ", has Chili Pepper fly forward and punch. If it connects, Otoishi begins an extended guitar solo as Chili Pepper blows the opponent back, before flashing behind and pummeling them. After a follow-up kick that sends the opponent forward, Chili Pepper flashes in front of them and punches them again, then instantly reappears above them to knock them to the ground. The GHA finishes with Red Hot Chili Pepper delivering a powerful hook to the opponent's face as Otoishi finishes his solo, visibly sweaty as an audience can be heard cheering. The GHA can restore the Power Gauge to the first level if it is not already at it or above, and does more damage at Level MAX. You wanna get nuts?! Let's get nuts! In the Morioh City stage, when the stage hazard activates and puddles around the area are shocked by electricity from the Pepsi sign, Otoishi is the only one who suffers no negative effects when caught; He takes no damage and instead, his Power Gauge is instantly set to the first level. This has the unintended negative effect of depleting any amount of Power in the second gauge, undoing Level MAX. If Otoishi is Retired via any attack that does not result in a hard knockdown or blow-back, he remains standing but will hunch over, mirroring his defeat by Josuke. Otoishi was confirmed for the game along with Yoshikage Kira. Otoishi is of the Stand User Style, but more specifically is he a Mode User. The player can switch control between Otoishi and Red Hot Chili Pepper to alter the character's abilities, with Stand Mode being the more powerful. The Power Gauge, redubbed the Electric Gauge, makes a return as well. Mode User Electric Gauge In Story Mode, Otoishi instead is an ally character, similar to his current status in canon spin-off of Rohan Kishibe series, first seen brainwashed by black aura created from Heaven Ascension DIO. He is partnered with a revived Shigekiyo Yangu, until they are defeated and saved from DIO's control by Jotaro with a Saint Corpse Part during the second encounter. Once recovered from the brainwashed state, Okuyasu asks a surprised Otoishi how it feels to be one of the good guys now, while Otoishi is still frightened of Okuyasu's presence, thinking he wanted to get revenge for murdering his brother Keicho. However, he was relieved to have conversation changed to seeing Shigechi well again, but Otoishi is interrupted by the presence of the brainwashed Weather Report (who also died and was revived like Shigechi and most of the other deceased allies), whom was later defeated by Jolyne and Anasui, and saved using the corpse part. As DIO (in his Heaven Ascension form) sends the Joestars (except for Jolyne and Jotaro who fight DIO in Cairo) into his traps, creating illusionary doubles of their brainwashed allies several times until succumbing to the control of the dark aura and giving the corpse to DIO. The Joestars and their allies' souls are absorbed into DIO to increase his power tenfold. Among the souls absorbed is Otoishi. Otoishi's current status in a new timeline remains unknown, as he may be a reformed criminal, or may have reverted to his past ways. It is also unknown if it altered his murder of Keicho Nijimura or his giving of a Stand to Bug-Eaten and the unnamed rat. He is paired with Enrico Pucci in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Weather Report and "Kosaku Kawajiri".

Stand Name: Red Hot Chili Pepper is the Stand of Akira Otoishi, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. In order to hide his identity, Otoishi speaks and is able to express various emotions through his Stand and its facial features (giving the strong impression that the Stand is responsible). Red Hot Chili Pepper is a long range Stand based on electricity whose dangerousness increases dramatically when it is near electricity. Not only does its range and ability to pass through electrical systems make Otoishi impossible to find, when powered-up, it can physically overwhelm and outpace Crazy Diamond. On the other hand, it is very dependent on its power source to act. Red Hot Chili Pepper is capable of absorbing electricity to increase its raw strength and speed and heal its wounds. It is shown that it can absorb the full power of Morioh's electrical grid. However, the downside of that ability is that these power-ups consume a lot of electricity and Red Hot Chili Pepper must remain near sources of electricity to keep its stamina. If Red Hot Chili Pepper ever falls into water, its electricity will also disperse and disable it. Upon depleting the electricity it has absorbed, it will weaken and take upon a rusted look instead of its shiny gold coat and slowly begins to vanish, threatening Otoishi's life. Red Hot Chili Pepper can persist inside and pass through flows of electricity, and thus is able to hide inside power wires or batteries and quickly travel from one position to another through electrical cables. If Red Hot Chili Pepper holds on to an object, it can turn it into electricity and move it where it desires and if this move is used on a living person, they are also dragged inside the electrical system, electrocuted, and eventually killed, as was the case with Keicho Nijimura. Otoishi uses this ability to steal about 5 billion yen worth of goods throughout Morioh, but also spy on his enemies. Red Hot Chilli Pepper appears without its Stand user, Otoishi, as one of the ten characters representing JoJo's Bizarre Adventure in the game. Red Hot Chili Pepper appears in All Star Battle with Otoishi. Red Hot Chili Pepper appears once again in Eyes of Heaven with Otoishi. If it comes in contact with any live electrical appliance, such as the electric chair in the Boing-Boing Cape stage, instead of taking damage, Chili Pepper will automatically charge Otoishi's Electric Gauge by two-thirds of a meter.

Stand User: Leone Abbacchio is a major ally featured in Vento Aureo. Abbacchio is an ex-cop and currently a member of Passione and by extension Bucciarati's team. He accompanies Bucciarati and Giorno Giovanna on their mission to protect Trish Una. Abbacchio is a Stand User but mainly uses his Moody Blues to support the group through its investigative ability. Abbacchio makes an appearance in the one-shot wearing a green jacket with blue buttons, a white pull-over, brown trousers, and red shoes. He is consistently portrayed with blue hair and blue headpiece. Leone Abbacchio is a somber, quite bitter, yet dedicated member of Bucciarati's team. As a police officer, Abbacchio wanted to keep the streets safe and vowed to give his life in the pursuit of justice. However, the high crime rate among the citizens, their ungratefulness, and the many criminals who bribed their way out of punishment eroded his sense of justice and he began to accept bribes, telling himself that he was still keeping the peace in the city. However, when he failed to properly arrest the same man who bribed him because he feared he would be discovered as a corrupt cop, Abbacchio had to see his partner in the police being fatally shot to save him. Stripped of his rank and moreover openly confronting that he was a criminal like any other, Abbacchio became depressive and eventually joined Passione, only feeling at peace when with the righteous Bruno Bucciarati. Abbacchio is one of the more serious members of Team Bucciarati. Out of the group, he is one of the most no-nonsense members, taking objectives seriously and allowing very little to entertain him. Among the few times he smiles is out of spite for others (e.g. chuckling at Giorno's seemingly absurd predictions and humorously asking Illuso if he'd lost something after successfully getting Mr.President's key away from him). Abbacchio never participates in the antics of his teammates. However, he still frequently participates in a handful of casual group conversations, especially during lunch. On multiple occasions, Abbacchio would indulge in Mista and Narancia's conversations despite the two's random subject matter, inserting logical responses in-between their tangential nonsense (e.g. talking about what vegetarians would wear or if human flesh tastes good). During battles, Abbacchio expresses an aggressive side, showing it in frequent verbal threats and insults when talking about and to the enemy. Abbacchio is highly dedicated to the mission of his group, aiming to absolve himself of or forget his past mistake, and also does so as a way to keep his mind off the memory. Abbacchio is said to have given up on life after the incident that ended his career, only able to give his body as a 'soldier' type in order to further his superiors' goals. In addition, he considers his ability to fulfill a given mission to be a source of honor and pride. As such, he prioritizes the completion of a mission before the life of his allies, and shows a readiness to leave Fugo to his fate. During the fight with Illuso, he easily severs his right hand in order to get Mr.President's key to Giorno, accepting impending death almost immediately before Giorno saves him. Abbacchio secretly envies those that are able to pursue justice despite the odds pitted against them and how futile justice appears to be in the face of money. Though Abbacchio admits that he was never able to follow through with his dream, his partner's spirit corrects that he's always kept his moral compass even after becoming a gangster. When Abbacchio meets Giorno, he presents the new member with a teacup of his own urine as a bullying tactic. During their time together, Abbacchio never ceases to confront Giorno and express his contempt for the new member. Not only does he remain highly critical of Giorno's every action and word, but he also refuses to show Moody Blues in action in front of him, not trusting Giorno in the least with the secret of his Stand. Somewhat prideful, Abbacchio promises to beat Giorno up after the younger member consistently proves his own course of actions optimal whenever their opinions differ. But, although he despises Giorno and manhandles him from time to time, he never goes as far as hitting him. Despite himself, Abbacchio is impressed by Giorno's actions. For his part, Giorno respects Abbacchio as a senior member of the team. When Abbacchio visits Pompeii, he mentions that as a child, he used to walk all the way there from Naples. It shows that he had a former interest in the ruins. Abbacchio's Stand, Moody Blues, re-enacts events occurring in a given place within a time specified by his user. Abbacchio became a police officer after graduating high school. He was very sincere about protecting people, but not long after he was stationed in his area, he realized his job had a lot of contradictions. Though the police officers risked their lives to protect the people, the people are not grateful, always trying to get out of punishments and sometimes even accusing the officers of not doing their job. And even the criminals who have been put away by the police can easily be released if they have enough money. Abbacchio began to learn of these contradictions, and one night while on patrol, he came across a man working with a prostitute. The man said that he and the girl were just trying to help the girl's father repay his debts, and quietly hands Abbacchio some money as a bribe. Abbacchio is conflicted as to whether or not he should accept the money, but reasons with himself that the streets are full of people like him and even if Abbacchio did send the man to jail, he could easily pay off the lawyer and judge to get out, and that he was still protecting the streets by accepting the money. Abbacchio was introduced to Giorno as part of Bucciarati's gang along with Narancia, Fugo, and Mista as someone that didn't have much respect for Giorno. In an attempt to evaluate and humiliate the new member at the same time, Abbacchio secretly mixes his own urine with tea and offers it to Giorno, waiting to see his reaction. However, he is left momentarily stunned when Giorno seemingly downs the cup in a single gulp, not knowing how he used his Stand, Gold Experience, to safely hide the urine. Nonetheless, Abbacchio remains unamused towards him while the others look on in awe. After boarding the ship heading for the island of Capri in order to retrieve Polpo's hidden treasure, the team is attacked by an enemy Stand. One by one the members suddenly disappear, with only Bucciarati, Abbacchio, and Giorno left on-guard. Abbacchio, distrustful of Giorno, refuses to reveal his Stand in front of him, to Bucciarati's dismay. Seeing no other choice, Giorno sacrifices himself to not only allow Abbacchio freedom to use his power, but to also help them figure out the enemy's attack, leaving behind a fly made from Narancia's shoe that tracks where the enemy is. After him and Bucciarati jump below deck, Abbacchio decides to bring out Moody Blues, using its ability to track Narancia up to the moment he's attacked. They find his body being deflated while kept alive and being pulled into the ship. Abbacchio has Moody Blues attempt to follow where Narancia went but fails to successfully find where the enemy is. When he tries to bring his Stand back, Abbacchio is stunned to find that Moody Blues is not there despite him feeling its presence, leading him to ponder what's happening with the boat. Abbacchio, against Bucciarati's commands, forces Moody Blues to remain in a dark place. Feeling out the area, Abbacchio realizes at the last second how their enemy is attacking before Moody Blues is assaulted, causing Abbacchio to deflate and be abducted in turn. However, shortly before being taken away, he manages to convey to Bucciarati what he's figured out, using his blood and its trail to show how none of them were actually taken below the deck of the boat they're on. This allows Bucciarati to force their enemy, Mario Zucchero out into the open. Zucchero threatens to kill Abbacchio with his Soft Machine, but Bucciarati is quicker on the draw and defeats him. After kicking Zucchero's helpless body around with Fugo and Narancia, Abbacchio would still not allow Giorno to see his Stand's ability as he replays Zucchero's conversation over the radio, revealing that he had a partner that had gone ahead. Not too long after Bucciarati becomes an operative and the group takes in Trish Una in order to protect her from apparent traitors within the gang, Narancia tells the group that their location and mission have been leaked to said traitors. Abbacchio reprimands Giorno for assuming that the Boss would send orders immediately, only to speak too soon as Mista confirms their next course of action just as quickly afterwards. They also learn that the traitors are known as Squadra Esecuzioni. Later, Abbacchio, along with Giorno & Fugo, is sent to Pompeii by orders of the boss to extract a key that would help them get Trish to him. It is there that Fugo is attacked by la Squadra member Illuso, dragging him into the mirror world with his Stand Man in the Mirror. Fugo then activates his Stand, Purple Haze, which was separated from its user through the mirror. Abbacchio alerts Giorno to get away since Purple Haze's power could instantly kill them both. Giorno wants to aid Fugo, but Abbacchio is adamant to leaving him since they have to obtain the key, regardless of their feelings to help Fugo. Abbacchio leaves to get the key as Giorno stays, as the two separate, Illuso attacks Abbacchio by pulling him into the mirror world, but to his surprise, Abbacchio substitutes himself with Moody Blues, whom proceeds to overpower and beat the enemy Stand. Abbacchio is present for a few more attacks from Squadra Esecuzioni. When Bucciarati escorts Trish to the Boss, Abbacchio once more scolds Giorno for going against orders and running in after them. Abbacchio and the rest of the gang decide to follow, and Bucciarati comes back and declares that he had defected from Passione and is going against the Boss, making sure the group knows that continuing to follow him would mean becoming targeted by the gang. Abbacchio is the first to eagerly step on the boat and join Bucciarati's cause, telling him that through all of his endeavors, he only truly feels at peace when he is with Bucciarati. Everyone but Fugo then joins in shortly afterward. While still in Venice, Narancia claims he is being attacked by an enemy Stand, and Abbacchio follows his apparent instructions to use Moody Blues to reveal their attacker. However, Narancia's strange actions leave Abbacchio confused and somewhat angry. Outside of his awareness, Narancia and Giorno were indeed fighting two enemy Stand Users. The group then hijacks an airline craft, and Abbacchio uses Moody Blues to replay the last pilot's flight to Sardinia, allowing the group to get there without needing any skill or experience in flying. Abbacchio finds himself at a restaurant, eating a meal, when he begins hearing some commotion coming from under his table. He checks to see a policeman, picking up and inspecting glass shards too many in number to count. When told it was for an investigation of a mugging where the victim was hit with the bottle, he questions the officer as to why he would continue to pursue the suspect, knowing that even if the right evidence was found, they would likely bail themselves out with ease. The officer replies that he's looking for the truth, rather than just results, as one whom never loses sight of the truth and reality can reach their destination. Abbacchio admits his envy for him, and that he used to have that same mentality but ultimately could not uphold it, calling himself worthless. The policeman reveals to Abbacchio that said mentality had never left him, making him somewhat anxious. He remembers what he was doing before and says he has to return to his team. Abbacchio begins walking towards a bus, only to be told by the officer that he was brought there by that same bus; It was his final stop. Upon looking at the officer once more, Abbacchio finally remembers the man as his former partner, and begins crying, dishearteningly telling him that his death on patrol was all because his partner accepted some bribe. Abbacchio appears as one of the 8 playable characters in the game. He is playable in the second battle with Illuso in Super Story and some chapters in Another Story. Gameplay-wise, Abbacchio can only attack with regular punches and kicks as he has no real special attacks of his own. Moody Blues, when activated, possesses stronger attacks and can be used to defend Abbacchio. Moody Blues' special ability allows Abbacchio to record all of the movements done by the player. However, Moody Blues will be frozen and vulnerable for as long as the player continues recording. If Abbacchio successfully completes the recording, reactivating Moody Blues will cause the Stand to replay all the recorded actions, dealing proper damage and creating combo opportunities. The recorded moves will stay "saved" until Abbacchio uses the recording ability again. Aside from being playable only in the battle against Illuso, unlike Narancia and Bucciarati, whose deaths occur before and after the Story Chapter is cleared, Abbacchio's death possesses a fully animated chapter in Story Mode. Abbacchio appears in the game as a menu explanatory character, being the player's guide during the BGM VIEW mode. The game depicts him using Moody Blues whenever the player wishes to listen to the game's audio and soundtrack. He is the only unplayable member of Team Bucciarati. Although he is not playable, Abbacchio appears in a manga cutscene in Chapter 2 and is also seen fully-modeled in the ending of Story Mode. In an interview with Hiroshi Matsuyama, it was stated that Abbacchio, and 119 other characters, were originally planned to be in the game. Apparently, Abbacchio made it into beta testing, but the team had trouble making Moody Blues' ability to replay his opponent's moves viable in-game.

Stand Name: Moody Blues is the Stand of Leone Abbacchio, featured in Vento Aureo. Although physically mediocre in direct combat, Moody Blues' esoteric power makes it useful for a number of outside tasks. Moody Blues' primary ability is retrocognition; in particular, the ability to reenact, or "replay" past events with utmost precision, allowing Abbacchio to freely investigate events. Every event happening to a particular location or person will be exactly recreated by Moody Blues, even if it shouldn't happen; for instance, Moody Blues reenacting Narancia's past will produce music because Narancia listened to some. However, there are limits to what Moody Blues can replay, for instance, Clash's teleportation through water is impossible to reenact. At the same time, the digital timer on Moody Blues' forehead will remain to indicate the point in time it is reenacting. The "replay" can be controlled as if it was a video, thus Abbacchio can accelerate its speed to skip uninteresting events or pause it, allowing people to interact with the paused event if need be. The farther away the event is in the past, the more time Moody Blues must spend immobile to reach it. Thus it had to remain defenseless for possibly 8 to 10 minutes because Abbacchio investigated Diavolo's past meeting with Donatella Una on the beaches of Sardinia 15 years ago. By using a replay, Moody Blues can imitate the form of an individual for a limited time; at one point enabling Abbacchio to pilot a plane from copying the previous motions of the pilot recorded by Moody Blues. The imitation effect of its ability can also be used to disguise Moody Blues, shown when it changed into Abbacchio in order to fool Illuso's Man in the Mirror into dragging it instead of Abbacchio himself into its mirror world. Since it cannot attack when it is "rebroadcasting", Moody Blues becomes vulnerable. Once finished, however, it can again attack.

Stand User: Melone is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Melone Melone is a member of La Squadra Esecuzioni. After Team Bucciarati's is forced to take the road, he attempts to kidnap Trish Una and uses his remote Stand, Baby Face, to battle Giorno Giovanna. Melone always reacts jovially when circumstances match or exceed his expectations, exclaiming himself "Di Molto!" On the other side, when things do not go his way, he becomes nervous, still remaining cool-headed enough to issue tactical instructions, likely due to the fact that he is not the one facing immediate danger. Melone is one of the least confrontational enemy Stand Users in the series, favoring hit-and-run tactics or laying traps, never reacting with violence to every setback, and even advising his Stand to flee instead of continuing to fight. Melone wields the Stand Baby Face, which is a computer-like humanoid Stand he uses to create autonomous long-range Stands also named Baby Face he can direct to kill his targets. He needs to find a blood sample of his target and a woman to breed said Stand before he can act. Pseudoscience knowledge: Melone is well-versed in pseudosciences used to divine things such as character compatibility or a future child's characteristics. This serves him to determine the quality of the Stand he will breed in function to his target. Pseudoscience knowledge: Melone is first shown collecting a blood sample left from Bruno Bucciarati's battle with Prosciutto and Pesci for the Homonculus Materialization of his Stand, Baby Face. He later finds a woman while on a train, whose hot temper encouraged Melone to use her to materialize Baby Face. Once the Stand was born, he then educates it to kill off Bucciarati's group and capture Trish Una. When Baby Face locates Team Bucciarati and launches its attack within Coco Jumbo, Melone is seen giving it orders from his computer. However, Melone's plan inadvertently causes Giorno Giovanna to not only deal damage to Baby Face, but its ability allowed him to discover Gold Experience's indispensable ability to repair injuries through its basic life-giving power. Melone eventually loses control of Baby Face, who proceeds to act independently and ends up nearly burning to death. After the defeat of his Stand, he's called by Ghiaccio about the wreckage. Ironically, before he could generate another homunculus incidence of Baby Face, a cube portion of his burning Stand finds its way back to him as a poisonous snake animated by Giorno and bites his tongue, killing him off-panel. Melone does not appear as an enemy character that can be faced, however, Baby Face's battle against Giorno appears as one of the Story Drama that can be seen in the Gallery Mode. Melone appears in the PS3 title as an explanatory character in one of the game menus, being the player's eager guide within the Option Mode.

Stand Name: Baby Face is a highly unique Stand, functioning as a computer that can generate a secondary, sentient Stand capable of development. While in the manga, Melone refers to the secondary Stand as Baby Face too, he calls it a Junior in the anime adaptation. Junior While Baby Face itself has no personality to speak of, the junior it generates is an independent Stand with separate sentience from its user. Since it is born with intellect but no knowledge, it requires proper education to ensure positive growth; otherwise, it will become disobedient and uncontrollable. The junior's personality is based on its "mother" and shaped by Melone's "education" as it develops. The one used against Bruno Bucciarati's group had a hotheaded "mother" and demonstrated such personality traits. Baby Face's base entity is an automatic Stand with little combat ability, therefore it isn't suited for direct confrontation. Its strength resides in its ability to create secondary Stands for Melone to sic on a target. It is laborious to set up, but inherently very safe as a trade-off. Through its computer Stand, Baby Face has the ability to generate a secondary Stand that will fight in its place. By researching a suitable subject through the pseudoscience of examining a woman's characteristics, Melone gathers information and predicts the future junior's predispositions. Some traits that are identified include the woman's age and health (used to determine the physical strength of their "child"), their blood type and horoscope (which determine their "compatibility" with Melone's target; a poor compatibility leads to an aggressive "child"), and their preferred sex positions from the Kama Sutra (the relevance of this is unknown). If the data predicts a child suitable for his purposes, Melone unleashes Baby Face on the woman and impregnates her with Baby Face's child through undisclosed means. Though the child is progenated through undisclosed means, it is stated that the insemination holds no similarities to human reproduction; upon waking up post-Stand encounter, Baby Face's victim shows no signs of being raped. The development is fast, taking three minutes for a fertilized egg to fully develop into a new junior that then appears near the host. The child also appears to develop within or around the mother's head, approximately towards the back. This is hinted at when Baby Face's speech seemingly originates from that point, and urine trickles down the target woman's neck when it relieves itself. If Melone possesses a sample of a target's blood, he can incorporate it into the junior by placing the sample in a niche beside Baby Face's keyboard. The resulting junior will be able to sense the target's location and track them no matter the distance. In addition to generating homunculi, Baby Face can be used like a regular computer, capable of holding and interacting with the data gathered by Melone. The computer Stand also maintains contact with the junior, as if Melone was having an online discussion with the junior's spirit. A webcam and microphone allow Melone to show the junior images and converse with it orally. It also monitors the junior's status, allowing Melone to watch its growth. The secondary Stand (or junior) that Baby Face creates is an independent, long-range, power-type Stand that acts as a surrogate fighter for Melone. It is powerful by default, can develop further depending on the progenitor, and its demise doesn't affect Melone, making it useful as a proxy assassin. On the other hand, because of its independence, it can disobey its creator under duress. Its creation is also a lengthy and intensive process, as Melone must find a suitable "mother" and train the resulting junior in order to carry out its mission. As a unique mix of human and Stand, the junior can be seen by anyone and is vulnerable to mundane things most Stands are immune to, like burning. By generating a square-shaped vacuum, the secondary Stand is capable of breaking matter apart into cubes while keeping lifeforms alive. It can forcefully divide anything it touches into cubes, or merely extract a single cubic part of the target. Upon dicing something, Baby Face is capable of rearranging and reconstituting the structure of said objects into anything it desires; for instance, it separated Trish's body into cubes and rearranged them into a table. It can even apply its powers to itself, reproducing the appearance of anything and blending in with the environment. The junior can thus hide inside an object, go into any adjacent object, or even fly about as a mass of cubes in order to evade attacks. Although cubed people typically stay alive despite their condition, Baby Face can weaponize its ability by removing key parts of the body like the throat. It can also absorb the cubes for nourishment, although it is only seen using this on its "mother" to hasten its growth. The junior starts as a small baby able to hide inside someone's hair. Over a short period of time, it will grow both physically and mentally into a fully aged adult. Aside from developing physically, it will grow as a Stand itself. While most autonomous Stands, such as Killer Queen's Sheer Heart Attack, lack precision or the ability to allow their users a sense of awareness to their current condition and status, Baby Face is able to assimilate information witnessed or heard. Through that learning and Melone's counsel, the Stand will become more powerful and efficient in combat. It can also acquire other skills separate from fighting, such as driving a motorcycle. On the other hand, it is free-spirited and may go berserk and disobey Melone's orders, especially if its "mother" was strong-willed. For better or for worse, the Stand will then follow its instinct alone when battling an enemy.

Stand User: Masazo Kinoto is a minor character from Diamond is Unbreakable. Masazo is an architect commissioned by Rohan Kishibe to evaluate the repair costs of his house but was also made an unwitting Stand user by Yoshihiro Kira. He acquires Cheap Trick but dies because of it. Masazo is a quiet and timid architect, but a little greedy. His Stand, Cheap Trick, constantly keeps him paranoid, subliminally warning Masazo that he would die if anyone saw his back. Since obtaining the stand, Masazo is in constant danger of people seeing his back, causing him to behave erratically, and do bizarre acts to hide it, such as walking on the street with his back against somebody else's back, pushing himself against a wall to walk sideways, and even crawling up stairs upside down. Masazo possesses the Stand Cheap Trick who attaches itself to its user's back and kills him when someone else sees the back. It then reattaches to whoever saw the user's back. While hanging on the back, Cheap Trick remains invisible to everyone, even other Stand users, and has the power to make itself heard and understood by any person or animal. Masazo was too weak-willed to fully form his Stand and had no control over it, his power manifesting as an obsession over hiding his back. It was only when Rohan saw Masazo's back that Cheap Trick fully materialized. Masazo is one of the people shot by Yoshihiro Kira to defend his son, Yoshikage Kira. Having lacked the power to control his stand properly, Masazo develops a phobia derived from its intimidating whispers. He's eventually called by Rohan to evaluate his burned house and had to turn his back against someone else's and walk backwards to reach the house. Masazo is a first-class architect sent to evaluate the cost for repairing Rohan's burned home, planning to charge more than the necessary because Rohan was rich. Upon their meeting, Rohan immediately uses Heaven's Door to knock him out, suspecting a potential enemy Stand user. Much information about Masazo is harmless, with the exception of the strange man's abnormal fear of having his back seen. Growing curious about Masazo's attempts to hide his back, Rohan tricks Masazo into falling into a hole on the floor, exposing his back. This enables his parasitic Stand Cheap Trick to drain Masazo of his life and inhabit Rohan instead.

Stand Name: Cheap Trick is obsessed with killing the one whose back it is attached to by making others see it. Its personality is vicious and sadistic, using any possible tactics from repeatedly taunting and disorienting its "user" to predicting their death. It also seems to take extreme pride in its "talking" as it often comments on how weak yet how effective it is. Cheap Trick was the Stand of architect Masazo Kinoto. Created when Yoshihiro Kira hit Kinoto in the back with an Arrow, it was dispatched to kill Rohan Kishibe and destroy the photos Rohan had taken in the search for Yoshikage Kira's new identity. Kinoto was unaware of the Stand's presence but instinctively felt that he needed to hide his back and managed to reach Rohan's house that way. After Kinoto's death, Cheap Trick attaches itself to Rohan and tries to trick people into looking at Rohan's back. After much struggle, Rohan manages to take a path to Reimi's alley. There, he willingly shows his back to Koichi Hirose, but when Cheap Trick tries to attach itself to Koichi, it finds itself facing backward into the alley. It is torn off his back by ghostly hands and dragged into the afterlife. As this happens, Rohan uses Heaven's Door to command Cheap Trick to go to Hell (although whether or not Hell exists is unknown even to Rohan himself). Cheap Trick is a unique Stand in that it can change user and actively seeks its current user's demise. Its sole purpose is actually to single out a victim and wear down its user's psyche until it can kill them and carry on to another hapless user. Although very weak (it cannot even pull off a sticky band-aid), it is also quasi-invulnerable and only needs someone to see its user's back to kill it, making it very dangerous. Cheap Trick's signature ability is to attach itself to its user's back, beginning with Masazo Kinoto. When it attaches itself to someone's back, Cheap Trick becomes the new host's Stand even if the individual already has a Stand and can only be seen by the User. As the Stand of the host, it cannot be attacked by the host without said host harming themselves since it is technically a part of them. Cheap Trick can also not be removed from their back and forceful removal would simply rip the user's skin off, killing them. However, it is susceptible to the malicious spirits of the Ghost Girl's Alley and it may be the only way to safely remove it. Cheap Trick then actively and relentlessly seeks to make someone else look at the user's back, being especially dangerous when the host is asleep because it can then act unnoticed. If it happens, Cheap Trick detaches from the host, killing them in the process, and attaches itself to the looker's back, beginning its process anew. Previous users are reduced to a dried-up doll-sized version of themselves as a result of Cheap Trick sucking their life force out upon detachment. Cheap Trick's other ability is its power to make itself heard and understood by anyone, even animals. It describes "talking" as its main ability. Cheap Trick's modus operandi is to verbally pester its host to wear them down psychologically, but can also do other things with its speech ability. Unlike other sentient Stands, Cheap Trick can converse with everyone, even non-Stand users. Because people usually mistake Cheap Trick for the host, Cheap Trick can insult people so they try to attack the host. At one point, it even told the animals of the neighborhood that Rohan was cruel to them, unleashing every surrounding stray on the mangaka.

Stand User: Bug-Eaten is a rat nicknamed by Jotaro. It and its companion were made into Stand users by Akira Otoishi, acquiring both the same sniping Stand, Ratt. Jotaro Kujo and Josuke Higashikata hunt him down before it can procreate and make a swarm of rat Stand users. Ratt is a rifle like Stand enabling Bug-Eaten to shoot corrosive darts which can melt anything they touch. While Akira Otoishi had Keicho Nijimura's Arrow in his possession, he tested its powers by using it on two rats. The arrow pierced the rats, granting them both the Stand Ratt. Believing that only one rat exists, Jotaro and Josuke go hunting for it for damage control after Jotaro questions the defeated Otoishi. In the process, the two rats had managed to meld together the bodies of other rats into cubes of flesh. Jotaro and Josuke follow a drain pipe to an empty house and discover a rat in the kitchen in the process of testing its Stand ability on humans. Josuke quickly disposes of it but is surprised by the presence of the second rat, whom Jotaro names Bug-Eaten. After moving their battle outside, a deadlock commences with both sides refusing to move from their cover. Bug-Eaten is eventually shot and killed when Josuke tricks the rat from moving from its cover.

Stand Name: Ratt is an especially deadly Stand not only because of its power, but also its range and the small size of its users. Only one hit is needed for the rats to defeat their opponents, while human-sized Stand users will have trouble finding and striking a nimble rat. Ratt can fire off barbed darts which will melt anything upon impact, be it flesh or even metal. Once hit, a large part of the body will immediately melt into organic material, a nearly impossible to heal injury that only Crazy Diamond could undo. The melted victims can then be molded into a shape such as a cube if multiple are clumped together, in which case the flesh fuses together and eventually takes a gelatinous texture. In some cases, the victims continue to live (presumably because their head is intact). Ratt can shoot its dart up to 60 meters away, fire in bursts, and can even bounce the dart off obstacles to hit from blind spots.

Stand User: Kenny G. is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. When the Joestar Group enters DIO's Mansion, he casts an illusion on it to make it look like a labyrinth to them but is quickly taken out. Kenny G. is first shown preparing himself to battle the Joestar group with Vanilla Ice and Telence T. D'Arby. When Nukesaku suggests he could help them, the group threatens to kill him should he interfere in their battle. In order to aid Telence, Kenny G. uses his Stand to trap Joseph Joestar and Jotaro Kujo with Telence. With this, he manages to separate them from the rest of the group so Vanilla Ice could attack. He then created several illusions to confuse the ones left, making DIO's mansion display much more staircases and ways than it actually had. By the time they arrived at his location, however, Muhammad Avdol easily discovered where he was hiding using one of Magician's Red's abilities. Iggy then used The Fool and disposed of him before he could do any damage. Kenny G. appears as a minor boss when the player enters DIO's mansion. He has low health and after the first turn, flees in terror. Eventually, the player can corner him and defeat him with little problems, dispelling the illusion he placed on the mansion.

Stand Name: Tenore Sax As a Stand that generates illusions and whose user was swiftly defeated, its appearance and personality, if any, are unknown. It is one of the first Stands to not correspond to a tarot card and instead make a musical reference. Thanks to its illusions, Tenore Sax may be a useful Stand, but was defeated too rapidly to determine any strength other than disorienting enemies. One weakness is that it doesn't create olfactory illusions, as Iggy's nose was able to detect Kenny G.'s presence. Tenore Sax has the ability to generate illusions that can distort the inside of DIO's mansion, producing incomprehensibly large rooms or complex labyrinths. The Stand can replicate not only a specific area's appearance, but its composition as well; in the case of Telence T. D'Arby's island, the feeling of the water and ocean breeze were identical to the real thing. To dispel the illusions, it is necessary to defeat its user, Kenny G.

Stand User: Rohan Kishibe is a major ally introduced in Diamond is Unbreakable. First featured as an antagonist, he cooperates in the search for Yoshikage Kira. A successful professional mangaka, Rohan is often roped into paranormal events while conducting research for his latest manga. He is a Stand User who uses his Stand, Heaven's Door, to transform others into books and read them for inspiration. He is notable for being featured as the protagonist in a variety of spinoffs to the main JoJo story, including the series Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan; Rohan at the Louvre, and Rohan Kishibe Goes to Gucci. Rohan is an individual of average build and height. He has an undercut that is slicked sideways. While his outfit regularly changes, Rohan keeps his trademark headband and pen earrings in every appearance. His first outfit sees him adorning a baggy suit and pants, over which he wears a semi-unbuttoned vest. This section requires expansion. Rohan Kishibe is a passionate mangaka dedicated to his work, with a particularly abrasive personality but a good heart. Rohan Kishibe is above all defined by his dedication to his work. With great draftmanship talents, Rohan has constantly sought to make the best manga possible in order to keep being read. His wish to be read is so great it trumps any other motivation, disdaining money or glory and feeling no need for kinship either. When drawing, Rohan falls into an artistic trance, drawing with abandon and being distracted with great difficulty. Because of his tremendous drawing skill, the one thing Rohan seeks the most is inspiration to fuel his work as everything else is an effortless formality. To gain inspiration, Rohan is constantly seeking new experiences or facts, investigating anything he might find interesting with blatant disregard for common sense, politeness or the law, for instance buying a whole mountain range to preserve the living area of a supposed yokai and constantly prying into people's lives by turning them into books with his Heaven's Door. Moreover, Rohan is overly curious, willingly throwing himself into strange adventures such as an unusual house sale or a poaching session. His inquisitiveness can turn obsessive and downright morbid as he had to be reigned in to stop harassing Koichi and killed a spider just to taste its innards. Nonetheless, Rohan considers "reality" to be the greatest inspiration, and looks for genuine material, disdaining fakes such as when Hazamada fakes throwing up. In addition to his own work, Rohan is an amateur of art in all its forms. He possesses movie goodies artbooks and manga figures alike, and considers that a visit to the museum to be a solemn occasion necessitating a proper outfit. Parallel to his artistic passion exists Rohan's general unpleasantness. First of all, Rohan is arrogant, being aware of his nearly superhuman skill as an artist. Thus he generally looks down on everyone else and may only see people as possible material for his stories. However, he greatly respects Koichi for his courage and niceness. He also respects Tonio as a chef. Naturally, Rohan also hates being made a fool of, reacting with extreme dissatisfaction when Josuke cheated against him without him knowing how and cutting off his own finger as self-inflicted punishment. Likewise, he didn't like that his editor Kyoka Izumi dismissed his idea for a one-shot. His arrogance is paired with his constant coarseness. While he may act with professional courtesy, Rohan is generally brash and impolite. Maintaining a thin veneer of civility, Rohan will usually make no secret of what he thinks of people which, combined with his arrogance, often earns him a mutual disdain with his interlocutors. Likewise, he also likes aggravating people he doesn't like, playing a game with Josuke with the declared intention to ruin him, has also stated to liking put down people "in their place" by refusing their requests or orders and is willing to tease or taunt an opponent. Rohan blatantly disregards courtesy for the sake of his goals, turning people into books on a whim and having at one point entered a confessional just to see the interior. But if he is disinterested, Rohan may also blatantly not remember an interlocutor's name such as Yukako Yamagichi at one point and distract himself while they talk. He has also occasionally adopted a visible passive-aggressive behavior and had no qualm punching an annoying Ken Oyanagi. Nonetheless, behind his eccentric and discourteous demeanour, Rohan is also a decent person. When he learned about how Reimi Sugimoto saved him, he took an active part in seeking her murderer in part to give Reimi closure. He would also admit, with some persuasion, that he did like her and would miss her. Although he looks down on people and clashes with them, he always defends their lives, ultimately saving Ken Oyanagi when the boy tried to commit suicide and also saving the abrasive Kyoka Izumi from the gods of the mountains. Moreover, Rohan's stubborn personality means that he also has an iron-clad moral standard, for instance refusing to let Josuke be attacked by Highway Star despite the Stand promising to free him and Josuke being the person Rohan hates the most. Finally, Rohan steadfastly grants his fans autographs whenever they ask him, no matter the circumstances. Despite his arrogance, Rohan is mature enough to know that surpassing others is easier than surpassing oneself. Recent stories feature Rohan doing regular physical exercise to keep in shape. Heaven's Door enables Rohan to transmute people into "human books", with written pages unfurling from their bodies. These pages relate detailed information about that person, including biological characteristics, history, personality, or even details of their Stand and its abilities. Rohan's Stand Heaven's Door was acquired when he was shot with the Arrow and its nature likely originated from his zeal for drawing manga. Rohan states that compelling manga requires a quality that may only be drawn from reality, both for its sensory variety and the depth of experience that humans accumulate. Heaven's Door simple yet exceptionally versatile power to transform people into books makes Rohan a formidable Stand User. There has been a noticeable shift in Rohan's mastery of his Stand as he initially required someone to look at a manga page to be transformed into a book, but then could draw his art in the air to trigger the effect and has recently been shown to only need a touch to turn targets into books. This shift has been stated as his own progress as a Stand User. Rohan liberally uses his power to write commands in people, but usually shows restraint and subtlety in writing said commands. He prefers using very specific orders to compel people into not doing one thing or performing a single task for him, but never more. As a manga artist, he frequently uses his power to pry into people's lives for inspiration, regardless of courtesy. He can also use his power in unexpected ways as people are literally transformed into paper and take on paper's property. Thus, he can easily immobilize someone by turning articulations into paper and has transformed an obese man into paper that could unfold and fit between two speeding trains. Rohan is an exceptionally talented draftsman, capable if he chooses of finishing manga pages of quality at superhuman speed. He can draw competently without construction lines and shade precisely simply by throwing ink drops with his pen. Such is his speed that he is able to do 19 pages in four days, a feat he can easily surpass, as is noted when he still can meet the deadline for his manga during Made In Heaven's accelerated time, where time has hastened to the point that ink can dry before it gets to the paper. Incidentally, his skill also gives him the necessary arm speed to draw a paper sheet off his desk even before Crazy Diamond can complete a punch. He was also able to throw pen nibs with such speed that they pierced Josuke's skin during their initial encounter. In Rohan Kishibe Goes to Gucci, Rohan inherits his deceased grandmother's Gucci bag, which possesses a Stand that allows its owner to hide items to be reobtained when in particular need. Rohan Kishibe is a major ally introduced in Diamond is Unbreakable. First featured as an antagonist, he cooperates in the search for Yoshikage Kira. Rohan Kishibe A successful professional mangaka, Rohan is often roped into paranormal events while conducting research for his latest manga. He is a Stand User who uses his Stand, Heaven's Door, to transform others into books and read them for inspiration. He is notable for being featured as the protagonist in a variety of spinoffs to the main JoJo story, including the series Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan; Rohan at the Louvre, and Rohan Kishibe Goes to Gucci. Rohan is an individual of average build and height. He has an undercut that is slicked sideways. While his outfit regularly changes, Rohan keeps his trademark headband and pen earrings in every appearance. His first outfit sees him adorning a baggy suit and pants, over which he wears a semi-unbuttoned vest. This section requires expansion. This section requires expansion Rohan has appeared in multiple one-shots, including: Rohan Kishibe is a passionate mangaka dedicated to his work, with a particularly abrasive personality but a good heart. Rohan Kishibe is above all defined by his dedication to his work. With great draftmanship talents, Rohan has constantly sought to make the best manga possible in order to keep being read. His wish to be read is so great it trumps any other motivation, disdaining money or glory and feeling no need for kinship either. When drawing, Rohan falls into an artistic trance, drawing with abandon and being distracted with great difficulty. Because of his tremendous drawing skill, the one thing Rohan seeks the most is inspiration to fuel his work as everything else is an effortless formality. To gain inspiration, Rohan is constantly seeking new experiences or facts, investigating anything he might find interesting with blatant disregard for common sense, politeness or the law, for instance buying a whole mountain range to preserve the living area of a supposed yokai and constantly prying into people's lives by turning them into books with his Heaven's Door. Moreover, Rohan is overly curious, willingly throwing himself into strange adventures such as an unusual house sale or a poaching session. His inquisitiveness can turn obsessive and downright morbid as he had to be reigned in to stop harassing Koichi and killed a spider just to taste its innards. Nonetheless, Rohan considers "reality" to be the greatest inspiration, and looks for genuine material, disdaining fakes such as when Hazamada fakes throwing up. In addition to his own work, Rohan is an amateur of art in all its forms. He possesses movie goodies artbooks and manga figures alike, and considers that a visit to the museum to be a solemn occasion necessitating a proper outfit. Parallel to his artistic passion exists Rohan's general unpleasantness. First of all, Rohan is arrogant, being aware of his nearly superhuman skill as an artist. Thus he generally looks down on everyone else and may only see people as possible material for his stories. However, he greatly respects Koichi for his courage and niceness. He also respects Tonio as a chef. Naturally, Rohan also hates being made a fool of, reacting with extreme dissatisfaction when Josuke cheated against him without him knowing how and cutting off his own finger as self-inflicted punishment. Likewise, he didn't like that his editor Kyoka Izumi dismissed his idea for a one-shot. His arrogance is paired with his constant coarseness. While he may act with professional courtesy, Rohan is generally brash and impolite. Maintaining a thin veneer of civility, Rohan will usually make no secret of what he thinks of people which, combined with his arrogance, often earns him a mutual disdain with his interlocutors. Likewise, he also likes aggravating people he doesn't like, playing a game with Josuke with the declared intention to ruin him, has also stated to liking put down people "in their place" by refusing their requests or orders and is willing to tease or taunt an opponent. Rohan blatantly disregards courtesy for the sake of his goals, turning people into books on a whim and having at one point entered a confessional just to see the interior. But if he is disinterested, Rohan may also blatantly not remember an interlocutor's name such as Yukako Yamagichi at one point and distract himself while they talk. He has also occasionally adopted a visible passive-aggressive behavior and had no qualm punching an annoying Ken Oyanagi. Nonetheless, behind his eccentric and discourteous demeanour, Rohan is also a decent person. When he learned about how Reimi Sugimoto saved him, he took an active part in seeking her murderer in part to give Reimi closure. He would also admit, with some persuasion, that he did like her and would miss her. Although he looks down on people and clashes with them, he always defends their lives, ultimately saving Ken Oyanagi when the boy tried to commit suicide and also saving the abrasive Kyoka Izumi from the gods of the mountains. Moreover, Rohan's stubborn personality means that he also has an iron-clad moral standard, for instance refusing to let Josuke be attacked by Highway Star despite the Stand promising to free him and Josuke being the person Rohan hates the most. Finally, Rohan steadfastly grants his fans autographs whenever they ask him, no matter the circumstances. Despite his arrogance, Rohan is mature enough to know that surpassing others is easier than surpassing oneself. Recent stories feature Rohan doing regular physical exercise to keep in shape. Heaven's Door enables Rohan to transmute people into "human books", with written pages unfurling from their bodies. These pages relate detailed information about that person, including biological characteristics, history, personality, or even details of their Stand and its abilities. Rohan's Stand Heaven's Door was acquired when he was shot with the Arrow and its nature likely originated from his zeal for drawing manga. Rohan states that compelling manga requires a quality that may only be drawn from reality, both for its sensory variety and the depth of experience that humans accumulate. Heaven's Door simple yet exceptionally versatile power to transform people into books makes Rohan a formidable Stand User. There has been a noticeable shift in Rohan's mastery of his Stand as he initially required someone to look at a manga page to be transformed into a book, but then could draw his art in the air to trigger the effect and has recently been shown to only need a touch to turn targets into books. This shift has been stated as his own progress as a Stand User. Rohan liberally uses his power to write commands in people, but usually shows restraint and subtlety in writing said commands. He prefers using very specific orders to compel people into not doing one thing or performing a single task for him, but never more. As a manga artist, he frequently uses his power to pry into people's lives for inspiration, regardless of courtesy. He can also use his power in unexpected ways as people are literally transformed into paper and take on paper's property. Thus, he can easily immobilize someone by turning articulations into paper and has transformed an obese man into paper that could unfold and fit between two speeding trains. In Rohan Kishibe Goes to Gucci, Rohan inherits his deceased grandmother's Gucci bag, which possesses a Stand that allows its owner to hide items to be reobtained when in particular need.

Stand Name: Heaven's Door is the Stand of Rohan Kishibe, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable, and in the Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan One-Shot series featuring Rohan. Heaven's Door is a weak close-range Stand unsuited for direct combat, but has several powerful abilities. For an inquisitive mangaka like Rohan, Heaven's Door is a handy way to gather research material out of people's pasts without the hassle of an interview. During its introductory arc, Heaven's Door acts when Rohan's target sees it or an image of it drawn by him, which he can make in mid-air, with a pen or with his finger. However, closing one's eyes or being simply unable to process the image, like being filled with rage, will make the opponent immune to Heaven's Door. Later on, Rohan can simply summon his Stand and approach people to affect them. Heaven's Door's basic ability is to turn people into books, pages unfurling from their bodies in the shape of whatever body part it opens from (for example, if from the face, the shape of the pages is of the person's entire face). The contents of the books contain detailed and absolutely true information on their subject, including physical characteristics, memories and thoughts from their earliest to their latest, personality, and any details on their Stand, if they have one. Later on, Rohan uses this ability on a chicken leg to determine its expiration date. Targets may be incapacitated to varying degrees while under this effect. Rohan can neither read his own memories nor perceive memories he shares with his target. A dying person's details are seen to gradually disappear. However, Heaven's Door is effective on both ghosts and the undead (as shown on Reimi Sugimoto, and zombie-like spirits in Rohan at the Louvre). In animals, details comprise relatively literal descriptions. Occasionally, it is shown that since people under the effect of Heaven's Door literally turn into books, Rohan can also use this forced physical transformation to his advantage. Rohan has notably used this power to unravel Okuyasu's limbs and at another time, save someone from being crushed by two speeding trains by transforming their body into a book and flattening it enough to fit between the trains. By removing pages, Rohan causes his target to lose any memories detailed there, along with a proportionate quantity of body mass. Should Rohan receive a substantial amount of physical damage or be knocked near unconscious, the removed pages will automatically return to their original source. By writing into the pages of a person or object transformed into a book, Rohan may alter or erase memories, or put hypnotic-like commands into the person's mind. Rohan's target will obey commands written into them closely, even against mental resistance (for example, despite a phobia of immolation, Okuyasu is forced to hold a lighter to himself). Other impressive feats include commanding Josuke to fly backwards at 70 km/h or allowing Koichi to speak Italian. While Rohan cannot read his own memories, he may write commands on himself (for example, by writing on his forehead, he commands himself to repress all memory of the events of Rohan at the Louvre, though they return after the command rubs off).

Stand User: Norisuke Higashikata IV, born Josuke Higashikata, is a side character featured in JoJolion. Norisuke is the current head of the Higashikata family three generations after Norisuke Higashikata I and owner of the Higashikata Fruit Company. In hopes to help his beloved family find a cure for the Rock Disease, he adopts Josuke Higashikata and tries to help him recover his past. Norisuke is a Stand User and can track specific smells through his King Nothing. Norisuke first gives the impression of being a laid-back and happy old man. He greets Josuke with a smile and then en route to his house, describes himself as a "yanki", a subculture of delinquency that was popular in the 80's and 90's in Japan, before laughing openly in the presence of Josuke and Yasuho. He maintains an ability to joke. During quiet moments, Norisuke consistently demonstrates a genial and enthusiastic side to him, for instance proudly showing his fruit shop to Josuke or happily performing morning exercises. Later, Norisuke ominously warns Josuke that "[his] word is the law" in the Higashikata family home, in a rather traditional demonstration of paternal authority. However Norisuke proves that he isn't evil by helping Josuke in his quest for identity, although he confesses that he only helps him out of interest. Norisuke has a deep love for his family and can be quite insular. He looks over all of them and loves them, working with Josuke in order to retrieve the cure he thinks Kira had for the Rock Disease and being sorry for Holy's state as she is a relative. Norisuke is particularly close to his eldest son Jobin and his daughter Daiya, while considering Joshu a problem child without scolding him too severely. Norisuke sees his children as still being innocent; he warns Yasuho not to tempt his son Joshu. He also becomes angry, swearing to kill Josuke, after witnessing what appears to be a romantic affair between Josuke and Daiya, though he calms, happy to "keep Josuke a slave and prevent him from retrieving his memories". When he is introduced to Tamaki Damo, Norisuke is revealed that he cannot bear the thought of his daughter having sex with someone. Also, when Damo questions him on Kira's wherabouts and threatens to kill Hato his daughter he agrees to talk in exchange that Damo return his children to normal and not kill his children. On the other hand, Norisuke is hostile toward Kaato, his ex-wife, presumably because her crime was a stain on the Higashikata Family's honor. He notably cut all contacts with her and refuses to give her a cent for her so-called sacrifice. While he does love his family more than anything, he seems to have grown fond of Josuke as he helps protect him and search for information about him. When Damo tortures him to find information on Josefumi's whereabouts, Norisuke knows Josuke is his target but refuses to tell even at the possibility that he will be killed. In addition, when forced by Damo to rat out on Josuke or have his family killed, he is forced to choose his family but sincerely apologizes to Josuke for not being able to protect him, showing he still cares for him as an ally. Kaato notes that Norisuke has a subconscious tic of touching his chin whenever he has something to hide. King Nothing is Norisuke's long-range Stand, able to track targets by memorization of smell; copying their movements, in sequence. Tsurugi divulges details of a superstition practiced by the Higashikata clan of dressing all firstborn sons as girls until 12 years of age, in order to ward away specific "demons of sickness", referring to a mysterious, medically unresponsive bodily affliction suggested as having origin in some Stand effect. Flashbacks reveal that Norisuke was also affected by the Rock Disease at the age of ten, but his mother had saved him by taking his place throughout equivalent exchange. During his life, Norisuke has married himself to Kaato and had four children with them, in order of birth Jobin, Hato, Joshu and Daiya. When Kaato was put in prison for murder, Norisuke filed for divorce to preserve his family's reputation and made every effort to hide Kaato's existence from his children. He also inherited the Higashikata Fruit Company and becomes its head. In 1998, Norisuke met Rai Mamezuku, who was 17 at the time, and bought some of his strawberries grown on a mountain slope. Impressed by their quality, Norisuke hired him as a plant appraiser but kept his existence a secret. During his life, Norisuke refused to expand his business beyond selling luxurious high-class fruits, to Jobin's frustration. At one point before the beginning of JoJolion, Norisuke heard of Yoshikage Kira's effort to find a cure for the Rock Disease. Although he was interested, Norisuke didn't contact Yoshikage to know more about it. After Josuke's initial efforts to discover his identity end in failure, Norisuke comes to the forefront and adopts Josuke within his family, in the hopes Josuke regains his memories and reveals the secret of the cure. Acting nice but also secretive, Norisuke initially instructs his new ward him to take care of Daiya. However, when he walks in on Josuke and his Daiya in an intimate situation, he is enraged and promises to kill Josuke later. He proves to know of Daiya's Stand, California King Bed, as he thought that Josuke would be under Daiya's control. He later quells a confrontation between Josuke and Joshu, asking Joshu to get along, before bribing him. When Josuke confronts Norisuke about his relationship with him, Norisuke denies being involved in any way in Josuke's state and reveals that his family is afflicted with the same Rock Disease as Holy Joestar-Kira. Norisuke also tells Josuke that he hopes to find the cure Kira had for the disease, but because of his death, he has to rely on Josuke. Norisuke then witness Josuke being attacked by Yotsuyu Yagiyama and his Stand I Am a Rock. He chooses to help Josuke, and with his Stand King Nothing, contributes to the architect's defeat. After Yotsuyu is killed, he examines the remains of the Rock Human, asking himself where his comrades are. Norisuke later manages to find the dog Tsurugi saw, and also finds the mysterious fruit Tsurugi was talking about. Refusing that Tsurugi eats it, he has King Nothing memorize its scent and goes to the Higashikata Fruit Parlor in order to identify the fruit. In the meantime he also takes time to present his business to Josuke. His search is interrupted when he meets his eldest son Jobin Higashikata, who has returned from a business trip overseas. Overjoyed to see him, Norisuke returns home immediately with Jobin, unaware that King Nothing has smelled the scent of the fruit on Jobin. Josuke goes on to continue his own investigations with Yasuho Hirose. Norisuke eventually learns that his daughter Hato has a boyfriend and welcomes said boyfriend, named Tamaki Damo at his home. Taken aback by Damo's stocky appearance and mannerisms, Norisuke becomes increasingly frustrated. Damo soon reveals himself as the head of the Rokakaka Smuggling Organization Josuke has been dismantling. The Rock Human incapacitates the whole family, but keeps Norisuke around to interrogate him and torture him. At wit's end, Norisuke reveals Josuke's significance to Damo. Ensues a short fight between Damo against Hato and Josuke, during which Norisuke is liquefied and serves as bait. However, Damo is fortunately defeated. One day, Norisuke's former wife Kaato returns home, and she confronts the whole family, asking compensation for her time in prison. Kaato deliberately sticks around but Norisuke refuses to give her anything. Meanwhile, Josuke has learned about his identity and has switched his goals to saving Holy Joestar-Kira his mother. Josuke asks Norisuke for help to find the fruit, and also reveals his suspicions about Jobin being an accomplice of the Rock Humans. Although Norisuke refuses to believe Jobin is invovlved, he reveals Rai Mamezuku's whereabouts, and points Josuke to him for help. Norisuke is only seen in this chapter in a body bag hidden by Tsurugi. His exact fate is unknown, but he appears either gravely injured or possibly dead. The circumstances surrounding these injuries are yet to be revealed. Josuke Higashikata: Mutually suspicious; Josuke's natural curiosity as to his origins and Norisuke's intentions carries him beyond the boundaries set for him by the Higashikata patriarch as condition to his residence at the family home, which Norisuke appears to have offered under ulterior motives. He reveals that he knows Josuke has some link to Yoshikage Kira who had information on how to cure the family and for that reason adopted Josuke in hopes of acquiring that information. Norisuke later reveals himself as an ally, and the two hold a mutual trust for one another. Norisuke still places his family above all else, but seems to have grown to care for Josuke as family and even a possible surrogate son (one main example being when Damo tortures Norisuke to get information about Josefumi and Kira from him. While he knows Josuke is somehow involved, he does not rat on him until Damo threatens to kill his family. Even during this, Norisuke breaks down crying and sincerely apologizes to Josuke for not being able to protect him, showing the depth of his care). Kaato Higashikata: Norisuke is highly mistrusting of his ex-wife. Norisuke appears as the shopkeeper in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven, where you can buy additional costumes, colors, dual combo poses, victory poses, and extra dialogue. He is also in the background with King Nothing in the Higashikata House stage.

Stand Name: King Nothing is the Stand of Norisuke Higashikata IV, featured in JoJolion. Norisuke IV has revealed to Josuke that King Nothing is a long-distance Stand with very little physical power, making it unsuitable for open fights. King Nothing possesses a set of straightforward powers whose limits are not clear as they are rarely shown, Norisuke not being a fighter in the first place. King Nothing is composed of and can disassemble itself into small jigsaw pieces. It enables King Nothing to slip through narrow spaces when following a trail. Moreover, King Nothing can recreate objects by assembling the pieces as it needs, at one time sculpting a Rokakaka tree out of its pieces. This ability is tied to its scent tracking. King Nothing is able to register the scent of a particular person or object, and track their location like a hound. When exposed to an object, King Nothing will envelop it with its jigsaw pieces and memorize the scent of the object in question or someone who touched it. It will then automatically pursue the scent, even if Norisuke isn't aware of its activation, and can either follow the trail a person's scent has left until it arrives at their current location, or be kept dormant and automatically be attracted to the scent. King Nothing can remodel itself to recreate an object or person it is trailing. It does this by attaching pieces of its jigsaw pieces to articles of clothing belonging to the target or surfaces the target has recently come into contact with. King Nothing first appears when Josuke demands to see Norisuke IV's Stand. The Higashikata patriarch acquiesces, and the jigsaw puzzle pattern is briefly seen, but he refuses to do any more. When the two are attacked by Yotsuyu Yagiyama using every Chinese chestnut in Morioh and Tsurugi traps them out of the basement, he uses the Stand to open the door from the inside. Then he notices that Tsurugi had also chained it closed which put him at a disadvantage as his Stand was not powerful enough to break the chain, so instead he resorted to using a rock to smash it. They later use its scent tracking abilities to find Yagiyama after finding Yasuho and locking onto his scent by finding it on her despite the fact that he had become a 'stone' as apparently he had retained a scent that they could track. After Josuke and Yotsuyu are submerged in the water, Josuke uses his bubbles to request that Norisuke have King Nothing search the immediate coastline for nets using its powers, suggesting that it might be able to find things by simply searching for a 'known scent' in the existing area.

Stand User: Ojiro Sasame is a minor recurring antagonist featured in JoJolion. Ojiro is a surfer who ambushes Josuke Higashikata and Yasuho Hirose at Yoshikage Kira's apartment in order to have revenge on Kira for goading him into eating his fingertips. He later confronts Tsurugi and Jobin Higashikata to help his girlfriend Makorin get revenge on Mitsuba. He is a Stand User who can specifically control limbs through his Fun Fun Fun. Ojiro has strong sadistic tendencies, having used his Stand to toy with or torture a girl who accepted his invitation to go with him to the beach. He also believes that because of his Stand's power, he could theoretically get away with murder despite having never killed a person. He is consumed with a desire for revenge against Yoshikage Kira for the arbitrary harassment the latter committed against him that ultimately led to the loss of his fingertips. Ojiro is proud of being a surfer, happy to call it his job. Ojiro's Stand is Fun Fun Fun, with the ability to control the body of a person underneath him. Ojiro developed a Stand in his childhood. The house where he grew up was completely leveled by the earthquake and one of the Wall Eyes rose on that spot. Ojiro, in his adult life, was using Fun Fun Fun's ability on a woman and submerging her in water at the beach when confronted by Yoshikage Kira. Kira, appearing from behind Ojiro, insulted his occupation as a surfer by questioning whether surfers were men of the sea or men of the land. Kira later encountered him in a ramen shop near a port, and relayed the same question. After warning him to stay away from the coast, Kira then forced Ojiro to leave by inserting an explosive bubble within his face. As he ran out, Ojiro accidentally bumped into Josefumi Kujo, causing the latter to spill an excessive amount of pepper into his ramen. Some time after this encounter, Kira began questioning Ojiro whether or not he was even a man at all, and Ojiro was ultimately coaxed by Kira into eating all ten of his own fingers under the influence of alcohol in an attempt to prove he was a man. After this incident, Ojiro swore revenge on Kira and was the one responsible for setting all the traps in the apartment room, planning to attack Kira when he returned. Additionally, in order to remove anyone who might be associated with Kira, Ojiro planted photo albums of bound women in the apartment. He initially mistakes the protagonist to be Kira, attempting to kill him with his Stand. Once defeated, he realizes his mistake, while still acknowledging a certain familiarity. He explains that he is not Kira, along with his grudge against the latter. Following the interrogation, he is then knocked out. Much later, Ojiro reappears at a condo, relaxing in a jacuzzi. He is accompanied by his girlfriend Makorin, who previously appeared at a school meeting for Tsurugi Higashikata and was told to move her "forepaw" by his mother Mitsuba. He discreetly grabs a few yen bills from her purse as she rants to Ojiro about her failed attempt to obtain the valuable land where the Higashikata House and orchard now sit atop of. Ojiro's interest is piqued when the woman begins talking about the rumors of equivalent exchange. Ojiro takes pictures of the Higashikata Fruit Parlor and the Higashikata Family while littering all the trash of his food on the street. He meets up with Tsurugi Higashikata near the Higashikata house and taps his hand in order to place Fun Fun Fun's mark on him. Ojiro tells Tsurugi that he's looking for Tamaki Damo's laundry services, revealing that Jobin Higashikata was working with him to launder money. He threatens Tsurugi to tell him where he can get a Rokakaka fruit or else his dad will go to jail. However, Tsurugi uses Paper Moon King to make Ojiro almost fall off a cliff. Ojiro returns on the roof of the Higashikata house and begins using Fun Fun Fun to control Tsurugi and take a video of the Rokakaka using his phone. Using a different phone, he tells Makorin what he has learned of and sends her a picture of the Rokakaka. He resolves to go steal some of the fruits. He manages to steal the Rokakaka from the Higashikata house and thinks he successfully escaped after getting control of Tsurugi and Jobin. However, Tsurugi made an illusion with Paper Moon King to look like him and Jobin died. In reality, Jobin set Speed King on Ojiro's body and boiled his blood vessels after he got away. Jobin then followed him back to his girlfriend's condo and drowned him in Makorin's jacuzzi, with Makorin later suffering the same fate.

Stand Name: Fun Fun Fun is the Stand of Ojiro Sasame, featured in JoJolion. Because Fun Fun Fun's ability is difficult to set up, and it has no physical ability whatsoever, it is unsuitable for direct combat. Ojiro typically uses his Stand to torment ordinary people, and prefers to set up traps to take control of an enemy. Fun Fun Fun is initially able to control a target's movements through their wounds. If a target incurs the slightest injury on their body while being physically under Fun Fun Fun, notably the hands or feet, the blood flowing from the injury clots to form a symbol in the shape of a broken circle with a triangle pointing inward. The corresponding injured limb then falls under Ojiro's control, allowing him to move it as he pleases. If a mark accumulates on every extremity, Ojiro effectively gains complete control of his target's movement, as all hands and feet can be manipulated. Nonetheless, the victim can still freely talk and move other unmarked parts of the body like the shoulders. Moreover, once Ojiro takes complete control of a victim, they are locked beneath him and will follow him if he moves. The marks on the injured body part gain volume when Ojiro actively controls a target. However, Ojiro must be physically above his victims to control them and be conscious about it. One may stand beneath him with all four limbs marked and be free of their movement if Ojiro loses track of their position (for instance, Josuke made the room he was trapped in soundproof in order to throw Ojiro off). An injury doesn't transform into a symbol unless Ojiro stands above the victim. When Ojiro later returns, Fun Fun Fun is able to place its mark on the victim's limb without them being injured.

Stand User: Daiya Higashikata is a side character featured in JoJolion. Daiya is the outgoing youngest of Norisuke Higashikata IV's four children. When Josuke Higashikata is introduced to the family, she develops a crush on him. Daiya is a Stand User and can take memories away with her California King Bed. Daiya is the youngest member of Norisuke Higashikata IV's progeny at 16 years of age. She personifies a certain kawaii, between the toy-like nature of her Stand's appearance and the game-playing it facilitates, her childlike possessiveness of and offense at Josuke Higashikata's betrayal, and the playful manner of her speech. She is close to her father, who tends to spoil and is overprotective of her, and she returns this affection for her father. She is infatuated with Josuke. After engaging him with her Stand, she assumes a threatening possessiveness; however, upon her defeat she settles for a warm preference. Josuke finds Daiya as an easy source of information and guidance in the Higashikata household by relying on her need for him to like her, as if to atone for her prior actions. However, he seems to have grown somewhat fond of her at the very least as a friend. Daiya is severely sight-impaired, being barely able to see light or read a paper right under her nose, yet she is highly self-reliant and capable of orientation, at least within the family home. With her Stand, California King Bed, after engaging them in a unique game, Daiya is able to win and enjoy an opponent's memories. Daiya was born the second daughter and youngest child of Norisuke Higashikata IV and Kaato Higashikata. When Daiya was two, she fell into the area where the Wall Eyes are nowadays. Her vision continuously worsened from that instant, but she acquired her Stand California King Bed in exchange. At one point, Kaato went to prison but Daiya was too young to remember her, thus she forgot about her mother. Daiya is first seen when Josuke is introduced to the family, she questions him if he likes the Misty Mellotron, an electronic instrument. When her father asks Josuke to look after her. She refuses to be treated in a special way for being blind, saying that he should act natural. She quickly infatuates herself with Josuke. Daiya uses her Stand on Josuke in order to take advantage of him via seduction. She takes his very limited memories of what transpired since he was discovered by Yasuho. While taking his memory of the symbol that Yoshikage Kira had that the Higashikatas had, the memory of Yasuho and the memory of using his Stand, Soft & Wet. She almost succeeds in keeping them until she finds herself standing on his shadow (which reverses the memory taking abilities of her Stand). Despite her mischief, Josuke uses her to go into the secret room that he was forbidden to enter only to come across a book of the family tree which connects Yoshikage Kira of the Joestar family as a distant relative to the Higashikata family. Afterwards, she still is infatuated with Josuke, albeit harmlessly, but the feelings are definitely not mutual, much to her father's increasing dismay & worry. Hato Higashikata, her older sister, eventually introduces her new boyfriend to her whole family, including Daiya who is excited at the prospect of meeting her sister's first boyfriend. Said boyfriend, named Tamaki Damo, reveals himself as the malevolent leader of the Rokakaka Smuggling Organization and incapacitates the whole family. Daiya is liquefied into a puddle in the foyer and spends the remainder of the confrontation in that state before returning to normal once Damo is defeated. One day, Daiya meets her mother Kaato, who has returned from prison. Stunned to learn that her mother is alive and present, Daiya is confused, but Joshu's antics ruin the reunion. Daiya is subsequently seen having breakfast at her family's home, during which she eats a bunch of Joshu's fish sausages. Daiya makes a cameo appearance in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven. She appears inside the Higashikata House on the Part 8 stage, sitting alongside Hato and Jobin on the couch.

Stand Name: California King Bed is the Stand of Daiya Higashikata, featured in JoJolion. California King Bed's ability allows for it to steal particular memories from a person under certain conditions. While fairly harmless and fitting for the playful Daiya, it becomes rather menacing on people like the amnesiac Josuke, as Daiya can effectively brainwash them. When activated, a chess piece subsequently exits the victim's body through an eye socket, ear hole, or mouth and is embedded with a pearl containing a fleeting image of the stolen memory. The stolen memory itself can vary in nature: it may be the memory of a dream, or the memory of a particular event, or the memory about a particular subject, object or person. Meanwhile, the target will forget about whatever the memory is about, although the feeling of having forgotten something remains. By touching a chess piece, Daiya may perceive the memory stored inside it. If a piece is destroyed, the memory is lost forever, and damaging the pieces hurts whoever the pieces are from. The only way to return the memory is to have Daiya step on the target's shadow. Although it is harmless to the average person as the memory is likely to be mundane, California King Bed is more dangerous against someone with few memories. The amnesiac Josuke was manipulated into being seduced by Daiya as she kept taking away his memories.

Stand User: Narancia Ghirga is a major ally featured in Vento Aureo. An under-educated and crass yet loyal individual, Narancia is a member of Team Bucciarati and, by extension, Passione. He follows Giorno and Bucciarati in their mission to protect Trish Una due to sharing the same tragedy as her. Narancia is a Stand User and fights with a miniature fighter plane, Aerosmith. Narancia Ghirga is a rough and choleric youth who demonstrates great loyalty to his comrades. Narancia's overall behavior could be summed up as being quite childish, best illustrated with his formal education that does not extend past elementary school. His mathematic skills are so low he cannot properly multiply numbers greater than single digits, knowing that 6 x 5 = 30 but then managing to calculate that 16 x 55 = 28. However, by no means does this imply stupidity, as Narancia is capable of countering his opponent's moves under pressure in a life-or-death battle. He is prone to perform a violently straightforward action, regularly catching sneakier enemies by surprise. For instance, he once set fire to a whole street to trap Formaggio. He also defeated Squalo and Tiziano by tricking them into thinking he was still under Talking Head's forced lying while he cut out his own tongue. Moreover, he has mastered Aerosmith enough to play with its subtleties, deducing with a good degree of precision what is happening despite the limited input of his radar. Narancia is almost as quick-tempered as Fugo, being quite loud, foul-mouthed, and violent in his outbursts. He notably keeps a pair of switchblades which he regularly uses to threaten others and doesn't hesitate in committing violent actions, for instance mistaking a civilian for an enemy gang member and immediately beating him down alongside some of his teammates. He also has a casual disregard of the mayhem Aerosmith causes, his personality is reflected in the plane's formidable firepower yet limited precision. As a result, his battles end with the vicinity being ravaged. Ordinarily, Narancia remains the least mature of the team's members, displaying typically child-like actions by expressing random thoughts out loud and occasionally playing around. He is usually the one who slacks off the most during missions, for instance neglecting the basic precautions during his shopping trip by ignoring Fugo's advice and even drawing a route directly to the team's hideout on a map. He was also the first one to drop his guard when the group approached their destination in Venice. Narancia was shown to be possessive of his food and is angered if it gets stolen. Having noticed that Giorno was even younger than him, Narancia occasionally reminds the latter of his status as a junior within the squad. Narancia was also very uncomfortable with seeing what he believed to be Giorno performing a sexual act with Mista and even tried to erase it from his mind, hinting at some degree of childlike innocence about sex. Despite his bratty behavior, Narancia presents a sweet side to those who get to know him. Having lost his mother and his father being very neglectful, Narancia's valued his friends above all and considered "friendship" the most valuable thing in the world. He was devastated by the betrayal of his band and then found a role model in Bruno Bucciarati. The man was among the first to treat him as a human being and Narancia became utterly loyal to the gangster. Being scared to betray Passione and its dreaded Boss, Narancia asked Bruno to "order" him to betray the gang, showing some lingering emotional dependency on his team leader. Outside of his outbursts, Narancia is usually the nicest person to his companions, and despite a violent start, his relationship with Trish quickly improves to the point they freely have personal talks during the journey, because he and Trish share a common thing in their past tragedy: being betrayed by the ones they trust. Narancia wishes to make up for his lost years as a delinquent. Conscious about his lack of academic education, Narancia is willing to let Fugo tutor him and expressed a wish to go back to school despite knowing he would probably be made fun of. Narancia's Stand, Aerosmith, is a miniature fighter aircraft that has 2 underwing machine guns and a missile launcher at the bottom of it's fuelsalauge. The machine guns don't need to reload and the missile launcher is resuplied when narancia wants to. it also has a unique way of tracking down enemies with their carbon dioxide emissions but can be blocked with fire and large crowds. When Narancia was ten, his mother died of an eye disease. Narancia's father did not love him very much and after his mother died, began to neglect Narancia more and more. Soon Narancia stopped attending school and began staying at his friends' houses, stealing food from restaurants for dinner. Narancia believed that friendship was the most important thing in the world, which allowed him to be manipulated by an older friend. The friend told Narancia to dye his hair blond, claiming that it was the current trend. Narancia obeyed in his attempts to look cool, but the next day, the police arrested him and ordered he be put in the juvenile detention center, where Narancia ended up spending a year inside. Confused, Narancia looked around for information and discovered that his older friend had broken into a house and beaten an old woman, before convincing Narancia to change his appearance so that he would be falsely accused while his "friend" would go free. A year later, at age 15, Narancia was finally released from the detention center, although he had contracted an eye disease from the guards continually beating him up. Rumors sprung up among his former peers that he had inherited the disease from his mother and that it was contagious. This caused his former friends to avoid and shun him. He finally understood that his closest friend, the one who framed him, was the same individual that spread the rumors since Narancia had only ever told him about his mother's eye disease. With nowhere to go and all by himself, Narancia had given up on his life, believing that he would die the same way his mother did. However, one day, as he was digging through trash cans looking for food, Narancia was picked up by Pannacotta Fugo and taken to a restaurant. From there, he met Bruno Bucciarati, who offered him spaghetti that was originally his own order. After the meal, Bucciarati called an ambulance to bring Narancia to a hospital. Spending three weeks in the hospital, Narancia's eye disease was cured, but he was confused as to Bucciarati's motives for helping him. Soon he discerned that Bucciarati was a mafia member and pleaded for Bucciarati to let him work for him. Bucciarati suddenly became angry and threatened Narancia to go home and attend school like a normal person. Narancia did as he was told, but kept wondering what made Bucciarati so upset. Eventually, he realized Bucciarati was angry for Narancia's own good, refusing to allow a young man like him become involved with gangsters. However, this knowledge only served to make Narancia desire to work with Bucciarati even more. Half a year later, Narancia went to see Polpo without Bucciarati's knowledge and passed the test, becoming a member of Passione. When Narancia is first introduced, he is sitting with Guido Mista, Leone Abbacchio, and Fugo, waiting for Bucciarati who's team he became a part of. Fugo tries to get Narancia to study. Narancia appears to be understanding the math question until it is shown he has done it completely wrong, despite his confidence in the answer. Fugo disciplines him by stabbing him with a fork, and Narancia retaliates with a knife, resulting in a standoff between the two. Before the situation could escalate further, Bucciarati arrives with a new member: Giorno Giovanna. Narancia asks Giorno for his age and comments that Giorno is younger than him by two years. After Giorno seemingly drinks Abbacchio's urine, Narancia and the others are left in awe at the new recruit. Narancia is next seen on the boat headed for Capri Island with the rest of Bucciarati's group. He had bought a CD player and was listening to it, but the volume is high enough for Mista, who is sitting nearby, to hear it. Annoyed, Mista asks Narancia for a can of soda, and when Narancia isn’t looking, pours the drink over the CD player, which causes it to short-circuit. Narancia is left confused and becomes angry, swearing to teach the shopkeeper that sold it to him a thing or two. Bucciarati finally reveals that Polpo had died; the group's objective is to head to Capri Island to retrieve the fortune worth ten billion lire that Polpo had Bucciarati hide in order for Bucciarati to be promoted to a caporegime. Narancia is as excited as everyone else at the prospect of both the money and the promotion. However, he is then the first to get captured by Mario Zucchero's Stand, Soft Machine, as the group is attacked in an attempt to steal the fortune. After Bucciarati and Abbacchio defeat Zucchero, Narancia is shown having Fugo examine his head for bruises. Then he, Fugo, and Abbacchio all end up kicking Zucchero's body around, while Mista abuses Zucchero's detached head. After declaring Zucchero is going to the ninth level of hell, Narancia engages in a torture dance, quickly joined by Mista, then Fugo. Upon arriving on Capri Island, and while waiting for Bucciarati to reveal the fortune, Narancia gets into a confrontation with a cleaner, threatening them with his knife when they go to clean the restroom they are currently occupying. Narancia's knife is soon reversed onto him by the cleaner, but the confrontation is interrupted by Pericolo, a Passione caporegime who has come to take the six billion and promote Bucciarati to capo in turn. The cleaner, whom Narancia got into a fight with, is exposed as Trish Una, the daughter of Passione's boss. The group is handed the task of protecting her from traitors while escorting her to her father. Bucciarati's team goes into hiding, beginning their mission to escort Trish. Narancia is assigned by Bucciarati to go out and get food as well as a few things requested by Trish. Fugo tries to make Narancia remember the specific directions he needs to follow while driving as to not be tailed back to the house where they are. Narancia tries twice to recall the instructions but ends up forgetting both times, causing Fugo to get angry. Abbacchio says he’s not worried about anyone following Narancia; Narancia's Stand should be enough to ward off any followers. Narancia then goes on his shopping trip, though is acting incredibly cautious. Going from store to store, he stops Bucciarati's rental car in the middle of the street when he feels like he's being watched. Suddenly a voice calls out to Narancia and as he looks under the car, he sees a pair of feet that climb into the vehicle. Narancia finds a man sitting in the backseat, who asks him where he is going. The man introduces himself as Formaggio, claiming to be a member of the gang. Formaggio rambles on about how after Polpo's death Bucciarati's group disappeared as well as other, more nonsense topics. Narancia is lulled into a momentary false sense of security, which gives Formaggio the opportunity to attack Narancia with his Stand Little Feet. Narancia stumbles backwards and Formaggio demands to know why Bucciarati's group didn’t attend Polpo’s funeral. It is at this point that Narancia calls out his Stand, Aerosmith, and begins shooting at Formaggio, who is still in the backseat of the car. Formaggio is surprised that Narancia is a Stand user, while Narancia states he will finish his assignment and not let Formaggio follow him. Narancia’s Aerosmith sends a barrage of shots at Formaggio, who is at a disadvantage because of the small confines of the car. When Aerosmith releases a bomb, Formaggio uses his Stand's power to shrink himself and escape. All the while, Narancia is kicking the car, yelling at Formaggio, when suddenly he realizes Formaggio is not there. Formaggio uses this to his advantage and slips into Narancia’s back pocket, content to let Narancia search for him. As Narancia looks around, he notices people are coming to see what all the commotion is and so he decides to call back his Stand. As he looks around for his knife, he realizes he is no longer bleeding from the cut Little Feet gave him. He stumbles upon a knife, but notices that it's too big to be his, then notices his shoes are too big as well, causing him to wonder where his shoes had gone. He gets into the car, only to realize the seat is too big and he can’t reach the pedals. Jumping out, Narancia is left thinking that he got in the wrong car when finally he realizes that he is shrinking because of Formaggio's Stand. Climbing onto the sidewalk, Narancia runs towards an alleyway. He is cornered by a cat but uses Aerosmith to swiftly drive it away. As he reaches the alley and climbs on top of a pack of bottles, Narancia finds himself being washed off the bottles as a full-sized Formaggio pours a can of beer over him. Formaggio then steps on Narancia and demands he tells him where Trish is. Narancia refuses and Formaggio has a flashback of the fate that befell two members of his group, and becomes angry, withdrawing a spider he found in the sewers and threatening Narancia with it. Narancia tries to shoot him with Aerosmith, but Formaggio uses Little Feet to grab hold of Aerosmith, then forces Narancia into the bottle with the spider. Formaggio insists Narancia tell him where Trish is, claiming he doesn’t want to see Narancia get eaten by the spider. Narancia refuses and attacks the spider, stabbing it with a shard of glass, only to realize the spider had attached some webbing to him. The spider bites Narancia and begins wrapping him up. Formaggio notices something had dropped from Narancia’s pocket earlier and examines it, realizing it to be a map leading back to Team Bucciarati's hideout. Formaggio laughs when he finds that Narancia marked all the roads, realizing he should just follow it in reverse. Upon returning to the gang and informing them of his encounter, Fugo openly notes how Narancia had sent a 'smoke signal' to la Squadra by setting blaze to an entire street. Narancia becomes highly anxious and stressed at the idea that things could only become worse because of his own actions. However, Giorno admits that Narancia took the best course of action, given his situation. This not only diffuses Fugo's disappointment but puts Narancia at ease as well. Sometime later, the group obtains Coco Jumbo, a turtle that possesses a Stand named Mr.President, which allowed the group to travel long distances discreetly. On the train headed for Florence, Narancia is eating a banana when he notices that it's suddenly become expired. It is then that he himself suddenly grows old and nearly dies of his age. The rest of the gang would find out that this was the result of Squadra Esecuzioni member Prosciutto and his Stand The Grateful Dead. As the Stand's only weakness is colder temperatures, Trish tends to Narancia by using ice cubes stored in the fridge of Mr.President to keep him from completely withering, against Bucciarati's orders to care for herself. Narancia eventually returns to normal thanks to Mista and Bucciarati defeating Prosciutto and his comrade Pesci. As the group nears their destination, Giorno and Mista are sent to retrieve an OA disc containing the final instructions for bringing Trish to her father. The others decide to arrive late by boat, with Narancia on the watch. Docking the boat, Narancia arrives just in time to see Giorno healing Mista's wounds from the two's battle against Squadra Esecuzioni member Ghiaccio. Due to the odd angle he was watching from and Mista's pained moans, Narancia comes to the wrong conclusion and decides to pretend that he didn't see anything. While still in Venice, the gang discusses their situation and how they plan on taking down the Boss and his invincible King Crimson while at a restaurant. Narancia beats up a shady looking passerby only to realize that it wasn't anyone from Passione. Though he insists that they not tell Trish she's been betrayed by her own father, Trish herself suddenly appears from the turtle and admits that she's known from the moment she regained consciousness. While the group continues their discussion, Narancia notices that the spoon he was using to eat his soup suddenly disappears from his hand. Taking another one, he proceeds to continue eating, only for that spoon to pull out of the soup the remains of the first one. Narancia notices some sort of miniature shark in the soup, but before he is able to relay to the team that they are being attacked, the Stand lashes out and rips off his tongue. Clash, the Stand of Squalo, can teleport to any body of liquid in range. After having his tongue restored by Giorno, Narancia tries to tell the others the details of the attack and describe the enemy Stand, only to begin telling lies; Talking Head, the Stand of Squalo's partner, Tiziano, has attached itself to Narancia tongue and prevents him from communicating the truth. While the rest of the group cannot understand Narancia's strange and hysterical behavior after he's attacked, Giorno becomes the first to entertain the idea that Narancia might actually have been under attack from an enemy Stand the whole time. When they reach Sardinia, Narancia is part of the reconnaissance team scouting the area for enemies while Abbacchio is left to uncover clues about the boss. Unbeknownst to the group, the boss himself is fighting against the leader of Squadra Esecuzioni Risotto Nero, and Aerosmith becomes involved in the battle when Narancia notices strange behavior on the radar. Ultimately, Aerosmith is used to kill Risotto, all without letting Narancia know exactly what went down. The gang then realizes too late the danger of having left Abbacchio alone and rush back to him. The gang stumbles upon Abbacchio's lifeless body, and Narancia desperately tries to shake him awake. He begs Giorno to heal Abbacchio, threatening to beat him up if he didn't comply. Narancia continues this until Bucciarati yells at him, ordering the group to move on. Narancia tearfully argues that Abbacchio can't be left alone, and only stops when Giorno is able to notice the rock in his hand that leads to a mold negative of the boss' face. Narancia hesitantly looks back as the gang walks away from Abbacchio's final resting place. After the confrontation between Jean Pierre Polnareff and Diavolo, Chariot Requiem switches the souls of everyone within the vicinity, including Diavolo, Doppio, Polnareff, and Team Bucciarati. While switched with Giorno's body, Narancia tries to summon Aerosmith, but the Stand comes out too quickly and breaks through a brick wall before Narancia can even notice as a result of Requiem powering up every Stand. Knowing that all they need to do to win against Diavolo was to take the Arrow, Narancia swears to go to school after everything was over, regardless of whom would make fun of his intelligence, and wishes to live a happy life and eat good food from his hometown. Narancia makes his first game video game appearance in the PS2 game, voiced by Fujiko Takimoto. He is one of the 8 playable characters. In gameplay, Narancia uses punches and kicks to attack. A sequence of kicks will replicate the same attack he used on a car during the battle against Formaggio. He can activate his Aerosmith to shoot the enemy. Charging the attack will make Narancia use his war cry. He can use the Stand's bomb to make a medium explosion and also search for the enemy on a small map that appears on the side of the screen just as he does in the series. However, while Narancia has his Stand activated, he is immobile, which leaves himself open for attack. Narancia returns in the PS3 title, voiced by Yuuko Sanpei, he was confirmed for the game alongside Bucciarati and Diavolo. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Narancia can turn Aerosmith on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush While Aerosmith is off: While Aerosmith is on: Narancia's HHA, "I'll make it bigger! ", makes Aerosmith carpet bomb the area in front of him to attack the opponent and knock them off their feet, dealing more damage the closer they are, up to five times. The HHA does not require an initial hit to connect in order to work, and will not stop until it finishes. The HHA can also hit a downed opponent, and be performed immediately following Narancia's GHA, but at greatly reduced damage. I'll make it bigger! Narancia's GHA, "Volare Via", sends Aerosmith flying under the opponent. If the attack is successful, Aerosmith will start hailing the enemy with an extended volley of bullets and carry them high into the air. Narancia then war cries "VOLAVOLAVOLA!!!" during this process before shouting "Volare via! ", prompting Aerosmith to stop its attack and drop a bomb on the falling opponent, creating a massive explosion. Volare Via Narancia is the only playable member of Team Bucciarati who does not activate Resolve Mode when low on health, keeping the normal Rumble Mode. Resolve Mode Aside from all the Part 5 characters, Narancia has special dialogue with Polnareff. Before the fight, Narancia will ask if his opponent really is 'Polnareff the turtle', while Polnareff merely threatens to make Aerosmith into a hanging ornament (referencing the nature of Part 3 where Polnareff and company face off against countless Stand users sent to kill them on their journey). This is due to Narancia recognizing Polnareff from the events of Vento Aureo, but Polnareff, who in-game is from his time during Stardust Crusaders, hasn't met Narancia at that point. If Narancia wins, he'll be surprised to see that Polnareff had such strength. If Polnareff wins, he'll angrily ask who Narancia is. Narancia is also one of the few characters (such as Jotaro, Kakyoin, and Old Joseph) that keeps his previous game's color scheme. Narancia Ghirga was confirmed for the game alongside Giorno Giovanna, Guido Mista, and Pannacotta Fugo. Narancia is of the Stand User Style, but more specifically is he a Mode User. The player can switch control between Narancia and Aerosmith to alter the character's abilities, with Stand Mode being the more powerful of the two. Mode User While in Host Mode: While in Aerosmith Mode: Narancia is given an alternate costume. The costume is based on the flashback from when he was tricked into disguising as one of his "friends", wearing a more casual outfit consisting of blond-dyed hair with no accessories, a striped button-up collar shirt, and normal pants with loafers. He is paired with Diego Brando in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, defeating Robert E.O. Speedwagon and Ermes Costello in the first round, but eliminated by Mariah and Esidisi in the second.

Stand Name: Aerosmith is the Stand of Narancia Ghirga, featured in Vento Aureo. Aerosmith Aerosmith is a powerful battle-oriented Stand possessing not only a wide array of powerful weaponry to destroy its enemies but also boasts above-average nimbleness due to its nature, size, and good range. Moreover, its ability to detect carbon dioxide makes it a great scout and radar. Aerosmith is equipped with small machine guns on its wings shooting tracer bullets with infinite ammunition and a single bomb which it can drop on its enemies. Despite their reduced size, the weapons are still deadly. The tracer bullets can set gasoline on fire and shoot through a human body; the bomb has the power of a grenade. However, due to the Stand's poor precision, Narancia prefers to unleash Aerosmith's full arsenal with reckless abandon in a short period of time to compensate. As a last resort, the propeller itself can be used as a blade to slice enemies. Aerosmith also has a carbon dioxide radar that Narancia can use to find an enemy's position through their breath when they exhale. While active, a small mechanical radar levitates near Narancia's face, specifically his right eye, allowing him to see the location and size of sources as circular blips on the radar. This makes it ineffective when there is a big crowd or large fire, as it is unable to distinguish between sources, though Narancia is capable of deducing the sources based on the behavior of an individual source. The heavier the carbon dioxide emission from a given source on the radar, the larger the blip will appear. Narancia can also adjust the sensitivity of the radar in order to pick up sources on the level of small animals and even insects.

Stand User: Enrico Pucci is the main antagonist of Stone Ocean. A loyal follower and friend of DIO, Pucci aspires to implement a plan long formulated by DIO to "achieve heaven". Working as a chaplain at Green Dolphin Street Prison, he secretly frames Jolyne Cujoh and uses her as bait to lure Jotaro Kujo and his memories of DIO's Diary. Pucci is a Stand User and manipulates the mind and soul through his Stand, Whitesnake. After uniting with the Green Baby, Pucci's appearance takes a number of superficial changes. Strands of hair join to his eyebrows, forming a five-pointed star on his forehead and his right sideburn join with it. His hair changes design with three shaved lines going from his left temple to the base of his skull. He grows ponytails or dreadlocks, which thread through the holes of his collar. In early depictions, like the Green Baby, his eyelashes grow into spikes and his skin has lines going over it and he replaces his previous belt with a much larger double belt, and his wrists now have golden bands. He has five ponytails, his sideburn has 4 lines going to his eyebrows with one going to the left eyebrow and the shaved lines follow the top of his scalp. Later depictions have only 3 ponytails, 3 lines joining his sideburn to his right eyebrow and the shaved lines following his left temple. The priest Enrico Pucci is a fanatic committed to a heretical notion of God's will and to DIO's plan. As a teenager, Enrico Pucci was a good-hearted man, who tried the best he could to follow his faith as a future priest. When a tragic series of events led to the suicide of his beloved sister Perla, Pucci fell into despair and then went to see DIO, whom he encountered before. Enrico Pucci then became a radical believer after frequenting DIO, whose principal credo was that humans were helpless before many forces which ruled the Universe. Among these forces, God's will and Fate -which Pucci dubs "Gravity"- were the most brought up. Pucci's backstory, full of near-impossible coincidences and twists of fate and Perla's death whose responsibility couldn't be pinned on anybody, in particular, were the probable inceptions of this belief. Prone to chitchat, a lingering effect of his many discussions with DIO, Pucci often brings multiple random trivia to drive his point: observing Miraschon try to steal a golden cross, Pucci explained how Miraschon couldn't escape her nature; similarly, Pucci explained to Jolyne how a certain species of reckless swallows died young because they didn't realize their limits, and used this as a metaphor for the Joestar bloodline. Mixing this belief with DIO's plan to "attain Heaven", Pucci sought to make every human know their fated paths via Made in Heaven's power, and give them the "resolution" to accept their destiny, calling it true "happiness". Essentially, Pucci wished that humans realized that they couldn't fight Fate and make them at peace with their status as subordinates of Fate. In his quest for attaining Heaven, Pucci used many immoral methods including murder, manipulation, and bribery. Pucci was particularly callous about human lives, considering that he worked for the greater good anyway and that these sacrifices were insignificant. DIO's plan notably included the sacrifice of 36 human lives, and Pucci also sought to murder anyone who would cross his path, even Emporio Alniño who was a helpless child, or used minions he would recruit with manipulation or promises of favors as the priest of Green Dolphin Street. Underhanded tactics are not beneath him: Pucci favors imposing cruel choices to his enemies, for instance throwing Jotaro's Memory DISC into the dying Anasui, and asking Jolyne whether she wants to stop him or save Jotaro, as the DISC will disappear if Anasui dies and her father as a result, and Pucci would drive Jotaro through a similar choice in his final battle. Generally, Pucci is a rather immoral person, having no qualm being violent (his first appearance has him smashing Miraschon face-first into the edge of a cabinet after discovering a theft) or collaborating with various criminals, viewing them as tools to further his plans. As a fanatic, Pucci neither enjoys nor dislikes the numerous immoral acts he commits, being focused on his plan above all. As DIO planned for, his friend Pucci doesn't take any interest whatsoever in worldly concerns such as wealth or sex, and his only drives are his friendship with DIO and his belief, although, during their first meeting, DIO noticed a burgeoning evil in the priest who was reading a book about a clergyman committing adultery and running from his office to become an artist. In his goal to obtain DIO's plans, he sacrificed Johngalli A, the only one of his original allies left and DIO's son Donatello. His twin brother Wes told him when he regained his memory, that he was "the worst evil: an evil man who didn't know that he was evil". A rather reserved priest, Pucci became more and more exalted as the plan neared its completion, having occasional outbursts of enthusiasm and celebrating the Green Baby's conception. Prior to acquiring Made in Heaven, Pucci was an anxious person and used to recite the prime numbers, which calmed him thanks to their indivisibility. Upon unlocking it, however, Pucci became supremely confident, and began to express his emotions more freely, exasperated at Jolyne's persistence to resist him and shouting her name in anger. Interestingly, Pucci's first Stand Whitesnake possesses its own personality which can be described a scornful and vicious. Whitesnake vocalizes Pucci's inner emotions more freely than its user, notably his anger. Whitesnake is Pucci's basic Stand, with which he may steal up to two DISCs from individuals, one DISC contains the Stand of the target while the other DISC contains the target's memories. Pucci develops C-Moon with the instructions in DIO's Diary and with DIO's Bone, which manipulates gravity. Pucci develops Made in Heaven with further instructions in DIO's Diary, which steadily increases the speed of time. Pucci was born with a disfigured left foot, though this apparently did not hinder his ability to walk. Having descended from an influential Italian family, he grew up with a wealthy upbringing and was well-liked by everyone. Raised as a Roman Catholic, he was already on the path of priesthood at the age of fifteen, an action allowed by his parents due to his family's religious history. One day while sweeping the floors, he stumbled upon DIO's feet underneath a table. Curious, he conversed with DIO, and though he was alarmed when DIO grasped his twisted foot, he didn't think it was anything special. It wasn't until Pucci removed his shoe that he noticed his foot had been healed. Around the same time, a woman, in tears, came to the confessional booth, pleading to be heard. Choosing to listen in the absent priest's place, he heard how this woman had switched her sickly baby with another family's fraternal twin. When he asked what the family name was, he was shocked to discover it was Pucci. Not long afterward, his sister, Perla, fell in love with a part-time worker named Wes Bluemarine. The man his sister was dating was actually his thought-to-be-dead twin brother. Despite his discovery, Pucci is unable to tell anyone due to his priestly obligation to preserve the privacy of confessions. In order to protect his sister from knowing of the incest, Pucci secretly hired a P.I. group to force Wes and Perla to break up. However, he was unaware that the P.I. group held the beliefs of the KKK, who discovered that Wes' presumed father was an African American and proceeded to lynch Wes. Wes was shot and hung from a noose over a cliff while Perla was beaten. The morning afterward, Pucci discovered Perla's corpse from her suicide and cradled her body in sadness. He noticed a DISC emerging from her head, due to DIO's influence with the Stand Arrow. Pucci wanted to follow DIO, enticed by his words, but not before tying up all the loose ends to his past. He approaches the post-traumatic Wes, who was furious at Pucci's interference in his relationship with Perla, and quickly told him they were brothers before removing Wes's memory DISC from him. Wes then adopted the name Weather Report to compensate for not having a name. Pucci spent the remainder of that year with DIO. From him, he learned the "ingredients" needed to formulate the "perfect world". DIO grew to trust Pucci entirely, and gave him one of his finger bones as a remaining fragment should he die. The remaining years of Pucci's life were driven by his obsession with this promised land, and he waited for the preparation of the said day. To increase his mobility, he finished his priesthood and became a Father to those in need. He allied with Johngalli A in a plan to avenge DIO by killing Jotaro and his daughter Jolyne and complete DIO's plans. Determined to fulfill DIO's prophecy, he secured a job at Green Dolphin Street Prison, where he spent the next 8 years as the head priest and had since then become the longest residing employee of the prison. To fulfill DIO's secret plan, Pucci needs the hidden instructions contained within DIO's Diary, but Jotaro Kujo has burned it down. However, Pucci knows that Jotaro must have read the diary. To recover the instructions and avenge DIO, Pucci and Johngalli A devise a plan to lure Jotaro into their prison. As the one known criminal, Johngalli A openly acts by ordering thugs to throw a hitchhiker into the car Romeo Jisso and Jolyne Cujoh, Jotaro's daughter, were riding in. Johngalli A then directly hired a corrupt lawyer to protect Romeo and frame Jolyne for manslaughter with aggravating circumstances which would guarantee her transfer to Green Dolphin Street Prison. That way, Jotaro would investigate the circumstances and try to meet Jolyne in prison. When Jotaro eventually visits Jolyne, Pucci cooperates with Johngalli A. to eliminate him. After a long-range shot against Jolyne, Pucci has Whitesnake trap the two inside a delusional combat scenario, from which both of them eventually escape. The family freeing themselves from Whitesnake's spell is unexpected but, at a corridor, Johngalli A. and Whitesnake manage to surround Jotaro and force him to protect his daughter. It is this moment that Whitesnake steals two DISCs from Jotaro, his Stand disc, and his memory disc. At this moment, Pucci decides to get rid of Johngalli A. by first letting Jolyne defeat him. Then Pucci has Whitesnake finish off the sniper with a gun so his secret identity won't be found. With Jolyne Cujoh being thrown into solitary confinement, Pucci has several weeks of free move. During that time, he looks into Jotaro's memories to discover DIO's plan. Moreover, having no use for Jotaro's Star Platinum disc, he stores it in his secret stash in the farm fields. He also gives Thunder McQueen a Stand, Highway to Hell. After the battle between Jolyne, Ermes Costello and Foo Fighters, Pucci participates in the search for the missing prisoners who were killed during said battle and notes that his whole stash of discs has been taken and there is no sign of Foo Fighters. He concludes that Jolyne is a more dangerous foe than he previously thought and that she's gathered allies. To assassinate Jolyne and her allies, he decides to use Miraschon, whom he has promised parole and gives her the Stand Marilyn Manson. However, Miraschon fails at assassinating anyone and is defeated. Later, Pucci intercepts Jolyne's phone call to the Speedwagon Foundation and knows that she intends to deliver the Star Platinum disc to them. Wanting to prevent that, Pucci dispatches Lang Rangler to kill Jolyne before she can reach the courtyard between the men and women's wards. However, Lang is defeated. Deciding to check on Lang, Pucci accidentally meets Jolyne about the open the door to the courtyard. Since Jolyne doesn't know he is the enemy, she peacefully begs him to grant her a moment in the courtyard. Having discerned the presence of one of Jolyne's allies near him, he prefers to keep his cover and allows Jolyne to pass. However, he uses Whitesnake to command a guard to stand in the courtyard, who shoots Jolyne on his orders. Although Jolyne is on the ground, Weather Report intervenes by making it rain poisonous rainforest frogs. Pucci is trapped by the rain near the courtyard and sends in Whitesnake to retrieve the disc which was lost during the chaos. Although Whitesnake finds the disc, Jolyne snatches it first and gives it to a messenger pigeon used by the Speedwagon Foundation. The pigeon flies away with the disc and Pucci fails, only angrily commenting that the Stand disc alone won't be enough to revive Jotaro. Pucci then carries on to his original plan and meets Sports Maxx at the chapel. He then asks Maxx to revive DIO's Bone with his powers, which results in the bone's disappearance. After a short moment of panic, Pucci understands that the plan is being carried out and resolves to wait for the bone to reappear of its own volition. However, Sports Maxx reveals that he senses the bone's presence in the maximum security ward. After Ermes' battle against Sports Maxx, Jolyne is thrown into the maximum security ward. Pucci decides to send in four assassins to kill the isolated Jolyne before she retrieves the bone. Nonetheless, three of the assassins are dispatched and only D an G is left. When Pucci arrives at the maximum security ward, the whole population has been transformed into a giant tree, with only D an G and Guccio still alive, but injured. Meanwhile, Jolyne and Narciso Anasui have escaped into the swamp. Pucci plans on interrogating D an G about the bone, but his plans are thrown into disarray. Pucci is spotted by Foo Fighters who guesses that he is the hidden enemy behind the assassination attempts. There is a battle between the two of them, as Pucci tries to stop Foo Fighters from killing D an G. Whitesnake threatens several times to steal its Stand disc, but Foo Fighters slips away several times, albeit in dire need of water. Pucci ultimately baits Foo Fighters into using a sink, where he uses one of Whitesnake's stand discs, causing the sink to spray boiling water, severely injuring Foo Fighters. However, Foo Fighters had enough time to call Weather Report, who creates heavy rain and fog to allow Foo Fighters to regenerate and escape Pucci. Nonetheless, Pucci disguises Whitesnake as Weather Report and fools Foo Fighters, who brings him to Jolyne and The Green Baby. Whitesnake impales Anasui and Foo Fighters, but Jolyne cuffs herself to Pucci. Despite his powers, Pucci is overwhelmed and must use Jotaro's memory disc. He throws the disc into Anasui's dying corpse, forcing her to try to save him while Pucci finally rejoins the Green Baby. Pucci tells the baby a secret password which results in their fusion. Pucci has now entered DIO's world. Having no more need for the prison, Pucci leaves for Cape Canaveral where the next stage of his plan will be set in motion. Pucci must now reach Cape Canaveral and await the new moon, which will enable Pucci to fulfill the next part of DIO's plan. On the way to Cape Canaveral, Pucci fatefully meets three young men: Ungalo, Rikiel and Donatello Versus. All three were brought to a hospital, near which Pucci is taken hostage by Ungalo. However, Pucci ultimately sways Ungalo to his side and then makes all three men realize that they are the sons of DIO, and helps them awaken and master their respective Stands. Pucci spends the next three days waiting with the bedridden Donatello while Ungalo and Rikiel go confront the Joestar Group. Two days before the new moon, Jolyne and Ermes manage to reach the hospital. Donatello then awakens Under World and lures the two into a cavern where a fight ensues. During the battle, Pucci stays passive and counsels Donatello, who grows increasingly frustrated at Pucci's perceived scorn. DIO's son steals Weather Report's memory disc and when he is defeated, he gives it to Weather who was near the hospital, angering Pucci. Heavy Weather's power begins to wreak havoc in Orlando, and Pucci is forced to flee in order to eliminate Weather Report. At the same time, Weather has regained his memory and his hatred for Pucci. In the streets, Pucci finally ambushes Weather and Anasui. To avoid Heavy Weather, Pucci makes himself blind and manages to grab Anasui, using him as his eyes. After a brief violent fight, Weather Report corners Pucci and almost kills him. However, a car incidentally crashes into the two twins. Pucci manages to stab Weather in the heart, while secretly using Whitesnake to extract his Stand disc. To escape he also disguises Donatello into himself, luring Jolyne away while he escapes to Cape Canaveral. In Cape Canaveral, Pucci begins to feel his Stand turning into something else entirely. He eventually awakens C-Moon, which manipulates the surrounding gravity, and Pucci becomes the center of a gravitic anomaly. When the Joestar Group and Ermes arrive at Cape Canaveral, Pucci hides and sends C-Moon battle them. Although C-Moon proves to be dangerous, Jolyne's experience allows her to take advantage. Pucci is forced to reveal himself and personally pilot it. Using himself, he puts Jolyne at a disadvantage and has C-Moon strike Jolyne at the heart. Jolyne "falls" away from him, and Pucci is sure of his victory. However, Jolyne survived thanks to Stone Free and continues to battle him. Pucci grabs a gun, but Jotaro Kujo freezes time and uses his stand to punch Pucci. Jotaro and Ermes have rejoined with the group and Pucci finds himself cornered. At this moment, he realizes that his condition allows him to recreate the exact environmental conditions needed to awaken the ultimate power. Pucci gravitates to a space shuttle, even avoiding a spear thrown by Jotaro, thanks to a lingering ability to move in the time-stop, and subsequently evolves his Stand further. The priest now commands Made in Heaven and begins the next step of his plan. Pucci accelerates time, causing chaos across the earth as all living beings are left lagging behind. Pucci's time acceleration gives him a great edge in battle, but Star Platinum's time-stop still represents a danger. Pucci carefully corners the group on a roof but his attempt to slit Jotaro's throat is thwarted by Anasui's Diver Down which takes the brunt of the damage. The group then makes the mistake of going into the sea, where the waves allow Pucci to hide. During his second attempt, Pucci manages to force Jotaro in another dilemma and kills him by splitting his face in two. He quickly kills Ermes and Anasui, but Jolyne confronts him a final time which results in Emporio managing to escape. During the struggle, Jolyne manages to cut Pucci's left eye. Nonetheless, he finishes her off and Pucci brings about the end of the universe. Emporio now has the power to fight Pucci. The priest accelerates time, but collapses to the ground; Emporio has manipulated the oxygen level of the atmosphere and turned Pucci's power against him by accelerating his oxygen poisoning. Pucci angrily demands that Emporio stop Weather Report from killing him, saying that his ideal world for humanity's happiness would be ruined, only to be told by Emporio that he lost to "fate" and that it's the true path of justice before finally being beaten to death by Weather Report. His universe then resets into an alternate timeline, in which Jolyne and company meet up coincidentally and the Joestar bloodline survives. It is unknown what happened to Pucci afterward, it may either imply that he has been erased in the alternative universe or might have been "revived" with an alternate counterpart of his own. Pucci makes his first video game appearance in All Star Battle and is the only villain playable from Part 6, voiced by Shou Hayami, who had voiced another follower of DIO, Vanilla Ice in the Capcom fighting game. He was confirmed for the game alongside Dio Brando (Part 1). Along with Hol Horse, Kosaku-Kira, Johnny Joestar, Koichi Hirose and Giorno Giovanna, Pucci is a character who can utilize more than one Stand during a match as part of his moveset and is the only character who can utilize three Stands. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Pucci can turn his Stands on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with C-Moon only. Stand Rush Available to Pucci at all times, regardless of his current Stand: Pucci begins the battle with Whitesnake. While Whitesnake is off: While Whitesnake is on: Pucci's HHA, "So it was already done...", is only available with Whitesnake. Pucci and Whitesnake fly forward at the opponent. If they connect, Whitesnake will steal the opponent's DISC and roundhouse-kick them away. So it was already done... When Pucci steals the opponent's DISC via "It's mine!" or his HHA, abilities pertaining to their Style and the Style Button are locked away in the form of "the DISC"; Ripple Users cannot use "Ripple Breath", nor enhance their skills; Dio Brando cannot use "I'll suck you dry! "; The Pillar Men cannot activate their respective Modes; Stand Users cannot summon their Stands; Mounted Style Users cannot call for their horses. "The DISC" will be in Pucci's possession until the opponent hits him, causing it to drop in front of him. Pucci can retrieve the DISC to keep the opponent's Style locked, or the opponent can pick it up and restore their abilities. the DISC If Pucci fills the Green Baby Gauge completely by way of the use of the "14 words", the Green Baby will fuse with Whitesnake, evolving it into C-Moon as a special animation plays. Pucci's appearance is altered and his abilities will change accordingly. While C-Moon is off: While C-Moon is on: Pucci's GHA, "Made in Heaven", is only available with C-Moon. Pucci, using C-Moon's gravity-altering ability, attempts to float on debris skyward. If uninterrupted, bright light with bathe Pucci completely, shining out of different parts of his body including his eyes. In a bright flash, Made in Heaven comes out of him, and Pucci and his newfound Stand quickly zip around the sky in streaks of light before landing, prepared to fight. Made in Heaven After evolving his Stand into Made in Heaven, the stage will move into outer space, with the stage walls and background being a road made out of light representing the rapidly changing universe, making this the only possible stage to be played without being a regular stage. Pucci enters "Made in Heaven Mode". In this mode, the battle timer will tick twice as fast, Pucci will move at double his speed, and the opponent's own speed is halved, effectively leaving Pucci moving at four times the speed of his opponent. Made in Heaven Mode While Pucci can turn Made in Heaven off, it will only leave him with his regular attacks; All of Pucci's new moves are only available when Made in Heaven is on. The only character who does not suffer this slow-down effect is Giorno Giovanna with Gold Experience in Requiem Mode. Made in Heaven is not entirely infallible. If he is somehow struck by Kosaku-Kira's Bites the Dust GHA, Pucci's Stand will revert all the way back to Whitesnake, the stage will be restored back to what it was. Although Pucci is still able to regain C-Moon, Made in Heaven can only be activated once per battle, being permanently unavailable after Kosaku's GHA takes effect, or the round ends. Special animations performed by the opponent such as Throws, HHA, and GHA, temporarily return them to normal speed until the animation in question ends. Due to the quickened timer, it is not uncommon for the round to end via time-up. Pucci possesses one alternate costume, being the attire he wore as a 15-year old during his flashback talking to DIO. Alongside the others characters from Part 6, Pucci has a special intro against DIO, the same conversation they had in a flashback where DIO claimed that Pucci could easily steal DIO's Stand DISC, and The World with it. For the western version, he was named "Father Pucchi" and his Stands' names were changed to "Pale Snake", "Full Moon", and "Maiden Heaven", respectively. Pucci also appears as a background character at the Green Dolphin Street Prison stage and if the opponent were to be defeated near the gate where Pucci is standing, his Whitesnake will appear as a Situation Finish and steal the loser's Stand/Memory DISC similar to the chapter scene when Whitesnake obtains Jotaro's Stand DISC from Jolyne. This is assuming that Pucci himself is not one of the two fighters, otherwise, he will not appear and the Situation Finish is unavailable. Pucci with Whitesnake (simply "Enrico Pucci") was confirmed as a playable character alongside Jolyne, Ermes, and Weather Report. Whitesnake is unable to evolve, unlike the previous game. As a result, his move set is primarily based around the powers and attacks demonstrated before his merging with the Green Baby. Whitesnake Pucci cannot be paired with his New Moon form. As a Stand User, Pucci is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. Opponents hit by Pucci's various skills will be Sealed. While Sealed, they will randomly lose access to one of their skills. This effect can be applied multiple times, up to four; this translates to an opponent losing three of their normal skills and one of an EX skill. Also of note is that Pucci by default is immune to the effects of Weather Report's "The Devil's Rainbow! It's Heavy Weather!" skill. Sealed Pucci's original form does not appear in Story Mode, unlike THE WORLD Diego, and Part 4 and 6 Jotaro, all of whom briefly appear during the game's ending sequence. Instead, New Moon Pucci is the one to be involved in the game's storyline, set after his transformation and during the final battle at Cape Canaveral. He is paired with Akira Otoishi in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Weather Report and "Kosaku Kawajiri". Pucci with C-Moon and subsequently, Made in Heaven, is now a separate playable character, and was confirmed alongside Anasui, Josuke Higashikata 8, and Joshu Higashikata. His name is titled Pucci Waits For the Time of the New Moon, commonly shortened to New Moon Pucci and dubbed "Pucchi, Awaiting the New Moon" in the English localization. New Moon Pucci cannot be paired with his original form possessing Whitesnake. Pucci Waits For the Time of the New Moon New Moon Pucci Pucchi, Awaiting the New Moon This version of Pucci appears in the game's story mode. He is first seen with Pet Shop, sent to kill Part 3 Jotaro and his future daughter Jolyne at Cape Canaveral in order to prevent them from gathering any more of the Saint Corpse Parts. However, the two retreat when they are defeated by the father-daughter team. Later, after the Joestar Group encounters Heaven Ascension DIO, Pucci confronts Jotaro again at the Joestar Mansion, sending Enya the Hag's zombies after him before fighting Jotaro himself. Even with the assistance of zombies, Pucci is defeated once again. Knowing that Joseph Joestar will inevitably use Hermit Purple to extract his knowledge of The World Over Heaven's ability and weakness, Pucci makes his final commitment to his lord DIO, and jumps from the second story floor of the mansion. He impales himself on the Statue of the Goddes of Love and perishes to keep his master safe, recreating the original Dio Brando's first defeat by Jonathan Joestar. With C-Moon, Pucci can perform various attacks that turn his opponents inside-out. While in effect, affected opponents will very gradually lose health as blood continuously seeps out of their torso, with no way to manually undo the effect aside from losing a health gauge or getting hit by C-Moon's attacks a second time. The only character immune to this effect is Jolyne while her "Bring it on right until the end!" skill is active. inside-out With Made in Heaven, Pucci gains incredible speed and power due to the Stand's abilities, being able to deal many hits and cover a large amount of ground in a short amount of time.

Stand Name: Made in Heaven is a Stand belonging to Enrico Pucci, featured in Stone Ocean. This Stand is the final metamorphosis in a chain following Whitesnake and C-Moon; one of the very last elements of the plan referenced in DIO's Diary. It was considered by DIO to be the ultimate Stand and the key to achieving "heaven". Made in Heaven is an extremely powerful close-range time controlling Stand. Although its physical abilities may not be remarkable, its control over time grants it an overwhelming speed advantage and even counters abilities that function with a time limit like Star Platinum's time stop. However, its main interest for Pucci isn't its time power, but the ability to bring about a new universe with extraordinary properties. Made in Heaven's power is to dramatically speed up the flow of time; achieved through its ability to control the gravitational forces of the earth, moon, and seemingly the entire universe (in reference to aspects of the theory of relativity). Upon activation, time will gradually flow faster and faster in the whole universe. However, Made in Heaven prevents any living being from catching up with the acceleration, with the exception of its user, Enrico Pucci, and essentially God. The lag between people's perceptions and the actual flow of time causes everyone to see all non-biological events as being sped up, which is considerably dangerous in case one is in a vehicle or in remotely dangerous environments. People in a cold environment seem to freeze instantly, all phenomenon like melting, flowing, drying, movements of objects will accelerate to the point people cannot react; the sun eventually seems to rotate at high-speed in the sky, objects and corpses seem to decay in seconds, one can even witness the erosion of the water on rocks. Interestingly, Made in Heaven can accelerate otherworldly events like time stop, and reduces the window of action of its user. Meanwhile, Pucci himself appears to possess extraordinary speed and reaction time, and effortlessly outspeeds any of his opponents, even Star Platinum. Because of it, he can freely approach and use Made in Heaven to inflict mortal wounds like slitting the throat. However he retains all of his human weaknesses: running or swimming around will tire him, while being exposed to a hazardous environment like a room with a high concentration in oxygen will endanger him noticeably faster than his opponents. As time continues to accelerate, the universe will hit a "vanishing point", and a new universe will be created, where everything repeats itself, according to "fate". Every surviving organism is brought into the new world, positioned where they should be, according to a date chosen by Pucci. Anyone that is killed in the previous universe will not cease to exist, but simply be replaced by a similar substitute, though Pucci states that their souls and personalities will have been erased and that they will appear as completely different people. The most esoteric property of the new world is that people have technically lived everything that has happened and will happen to them in the previous universe. The memories of the events are engraved into them and they will subconsciously realize what will happen to them, although they usually cannot change the course of their fate. Pucci aims to make humanity feel at peace with their destiny that way. If the user of this Stand is killed before the point where the original acceleration of time began, the universe resets again into an alternate timeline where the effects of Made in Heaven are undone, although those who died in a previous universe are still replaced.

Stand User: Mariah is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Mariah is one of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods. She separates the group in Luxor, and attempts to take out Joseph Joestar and Muhammad Avdol using her Stand, Bastet, while Alessi confronts the rest of the heroes. Mariah comes off as a calm, cool-headed person. However, she easily loses her cool whenever things don't go according to plan. She contorts her face and bites her lip comically when she is upset or uncomfortable. She also has a very distinctive laugh, which she does when she has her opponents helplessly trapped in the magnetic power of her Stand. Mariah also seems to demonstrate an attraction towards older men, as she mentions that Joseph is very sexy and that she would have been his lover if it were not for Dio Brando being more attractive. Bastet takes the form of an electrical outlet which magnetizes whoever touches it, causing metallic objects to be attracted to them. Mariah magnetizes Joseph and Avdol with her Stand, Bastet, attracting metal upon them and even into each other, giving them all sorts of difficulties. During a very powerful display of tactics, she attempts to get Avdol and Joseph run over by a train and even electrocuted. However, the two manage to outsmart her by maneuvering her in between them and then having their metal-cluttered bodies slam into her, fracturing all the segments of her bones in her body and deactivating her Stand. She is later hospitalized and is unable to fight anymore because of her broken bones. Mariah is one of the boss enemies in the game. The events from her arc appear in the game with one differing detail—instead of fighting alone and confined to Joseph and Avdol, Mariah attacks the whole group alongside Hol Horse. Mariah makes her playable debut on the Capcom game, being included in the second version of the game. She appears as a playable character with a style based on ranged traps. Her game style is focused on middle-long range, keeping the enemy away with her moveset. Even without an active Stand, her Bast no Jiryoku, when activated, instead of summoning Bast, will place a magnetism-trap on the screen (always near her). If the opponent gets hit by this trap, their "magnetism" level will rise one level (with 8 being the maximum), making all Mariah's attacks stronger. She's one of the only characters in the game to fight at middle-long range, the other being Hol Horse. Most of her moves are based on the objects she uses in the fight against Joseph and Avdol, such as knives, forks and electrifying energy cables. During her first super move, she uses the magnetism on the opponent to attract the screws, nuts, and bolts hidden in her bra and damages the enemy. During her second super move, she performs a rising uppercut on the opponent, launching them into the air and attracting a lot of metal objects, causing massive damage. It ends with a car smashing the opponent (the same car that defeated her in the story). Along with Midler, Mariah is one of the only two playable female characters in the game. Mariah is also one of the special characters in the game that do not turn into a child when hit by Alessi's Stand; instead she turns into the old woman that Joseph encounters during his and Avdol's battle against Mariah. Mariah is one of several characters from Part 3 to possess a Metal Striker. Her FINISH MOVE makes several metal items (such as hammers and screws) attack the opponent, followed by a giant car coming in to crush them (not unlike her method of special attack in the Capcom fighting game). Mariah was confirmed for the game alongside Avdol. As a Stand User, Mariah is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant her uniqueness in battle. Instead of the conventional Normal Attacks that take the form of melee combos, Mariah will throw out a metal wire that paralyzes opponents. She is paired with Esidisi in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, defeating Rudol von Stroheim and Okuyasu Nijimura in the first round, and then Narancia Ghirga and Diego Brando in the second. In the semifinals, they are eliminated by Jotaro Kujo and DIO in the first round.

Stand Name: Bastet is the Stand of Mariah, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Bastet roughly resembles an American outlet with a cable visible under it that can be placed anywhere. It represents the Egyptian Goddess Bastet. In the colored manga, the outlet is white with yellow borders. In the anime, the outlet is yellow with green borders. In Heritage for the Future, Bastet can be seen as an ethereal humanoid feline bust when Mariah blocks or performs certain actions, similar to the Anubis Stand's appearance. Bastet is designed to turn people's curiosity against them. It has no fighting ability whatsoever and no use besides trapping victims, forcing Mariah to wait until her victims die alone. On the other hand, it is suited for assassination because unless Mariah exposes herself, there is no way to catch on to her. When a person touches the outlet, they will be shocked and become a magnet that attracts nearby metallic objects. The magnetic force will gradually become stronger, to the point where objects attracted to the person will either overwhelm or simply impale them, and if at first only small metallic objects will be influenced, the magnetism can increase to the point where objects as massive as cars will be attracted. Additionally, more than one person can be placed under the same "magnetic curse". Multiple people under the same magnetic attraction will even be attracted towards each other. A drawback of this Stand's ability is that Mariah must maintain a certain distance from her target or the magnetism will wear off.

Stand User: Illuso is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. A member of La Squadra Esecuzioni, Illuso faces Pannacotta Fugo, Leone Abbacchio and Giorno Giovanna in Pompeii in a race to grab an important key left by the Boss. He is a Stand User and exploits the mirror powers of his Man in the Mirror to ambush his enemies. The anime expands on his unpleasantness, showing him jeering at Formaggio's power, calling it useless, and acting the most insensitive to Sorbet and Gelato's disappearance, wondering if they aren't spending time together and openly mentioning the rumor of the two being a couple. Illuso is also highly perceptive of his surroundings, such as hearing Abbacchio's footsteps despite yelling at Fugo and also quickly noticing the key was missing from the room. As well, he became very alarmed and panicked when Abbacchio cut off his hand, a mood that continued until Illuso's demise. He alluded as possibly being an informant of sorts to La Squadra, as out of all of the members, he had the most information on Team Bucciarati. He revealed he had all of Fugo's past written down in a journal he kept, alluded to the idea of having the same for Abbacchio and would've had something similar on Giorno if he wasn't new, and despite not having any information on their Stands soon quickly realized what everyone could do. He also had a journal of some kind on him, which may have held more information. In Purple Haze Feedback, when Sheila E insults Illuso, Murolo (who is revealed to have hated La Squadra), laughs and asks what Illuso had done to deserve insults. This may imply that, out of everyone in La Squadra, Illuso hadn't been the worst member. lluso's Stand is Man in the Mirror; a humanoid Stand of moderate bodily power, and with which Illuso may isolate opponents in discrete alternate spaces reflected in mirrors. Sometime before the main storyline, Illuso killed Sheila E's sister; it is unknown why. This spurs her to join Passione for revenge. In Purple Haze Feedback, Giorno mused at one point that while experiencing his slow and agonizing death, Illuso came to regret every decision and life choice he had made. Illuso appears as the enemy faced in Chapters 5 through 7 of Super Story Mode, making him the enemy faced the second most in the entire game (behind Diavolo/The Boss). Illuso's main attack pattern is going back and forth between the normal and mirror world, represented as him teleporting to any of the seven mirrors strewn around the stage. Other than using Man In The Mirror to deliver punches and kicks, his main form of attack is to come out of a mirror or pile of mirror shards and throw multiple shards of broken glass at the player in a ranged attack that is difficult to dodge. Another attack has Illuso use Man in the Mirror to attempt to grab the player from behind and slit their throat, dealing substantial damage. All of his attacks are middle-to-long-ranged, with the grab attack easily reaching across the screen. During Chapter 5 the player takes control of Fugo without his Stand, Purple Haze, during the fight the player needs to survive for two minutes. For all battles in the Mirror World, the left and right movement controls are inverted, while up and down are not, creating a disorienting experience. In Chapter 6 the player takes control of Abbacchio, and unlike the previous chapter Abbacchio can use Moody Blues. During this segment, the player only needs to damage Illuso until his health bar reaches roughly half. While Abbacchio plays with inverted controls (same as Fugo), Moody Blues' controls are regular. Illuso is faced again during Chapter 7, with the player controlling Fugo again (and also with inverted controls). Since Illuso will now keep changing between the normal and mirror worlds, the player must manually switch between Fugo and Purple Haze with the Stand activation button, with Purple Haze having regular controls. Wherever Fugo is in the mirror world, Purple Haze will appear horizontally mirrored (e.g. if Fugo is touching the stage's left wall, switching to Purple Haze will have it touching the stage's right wall). Purple Haze will deal immense amounts of damage per attack in contrast to Fugo. This is countered, however, by Purple Haze being easily Stand Broken, forcing control back to Fugo and the player losing time having to turn Purple Haze back on.

Stand Name: Man in the Mirror is the Stand of Illuso, featured in Vento Aureo. Owning to the arcane power of accessing a mirror world, Man in the Mirror is a difficult Stand to defend against. It is mainly dangerous because ambushed Stand Users will find themselves defenseless in the mirror world. But, on the other hand, it is physically weak and cannot hope to win direct confrontations against most Stands. Man in the Mirror enables its user to enter a "mirror world". Moreover, Man in the Mirror can also drag anything into the mirror world by using reflective surfaces as portals, selecting anything that can enter through Illuso's orders, and can do so regardless of how small the "portal" is. Breaking the mirror does not stop this ability and actually creates more openings leading to the mirror world. Only those Illuso and Man in the Mirror are about to drag into the mirror can see him, even if others are looking directly at the mirror. Moreover, it may also only select specific parts of an object to drag in or let out, thus it was able to only let in half of Abbacchio, effectively disabling him. Illuso can also play with multiple reflections in order to drag people through blind spots. If another Stand User is dragged into the mirror, Illuso can choose to forbid their Stand from entering with them and a summoned Stand will find itself alone in the real world, although it can be remotely manipulated by the User. This makes Man in the Mirror practically invincible inside the mirror, as it will be the only Stand present. However, Illuso can be tricked into letting a disguised Stand enter the mirror world. For his part, Illuso is also free to enter or exit the mirror world and can also select parts of him. However, he must do so through a reflective surface. If he leaves, those still in the mirror world will be trapped. In the mirror world, everything (even people dragged into it) is a mirror image of itself and the world is devoid of any lifeform. The reverse images are said to be made of spiritual energy. The mirror world is effectively isolated from the real world, and prisoners in the mirror cannot be seen nor heard at all. Any action in the real world is "reflected" in the mirror and occurs for seemingly no reason. Conversely, only Man in the Mirror can affect objects inside the mirror world, explained as the objects "belonging to a realm of death". If Illuso dies, the mirror world is destroyed and its prisoners are freed.

Stand User: Jean Pierre Polnareff is a core ally in Stardust Crusaders. He reappears in Vento Aureo as a side character and ally. In Stardust Crusaders, the Frenchman Polnareff travels with Jotaro and Joseph to avenge his sister, who was murdered by a man with two right hands. In Vento Aureo, Polnareff reappears to aid the rebellious Team Bucciarati in their quest to defeat the Boss of Italian gang Passione. Polnareff is a Stand User and wields Silver Chariot. Polnareff is a man of above-average height and athletic or muscular build. With a receded hairline, he wears silvery hair that rises directly above his head, straight, to a height about half that of his head. He has no eyebrows. He also wears earrings in the shape of jaggedly halved (broken) hearts. When Polnareff was a child, he had buck teeth and large ears. Polnareff wears a fitted black tube top, shoulderless except for one strap running from his chest over his left shoulder. He also wears a pair of light trousers with pouches tied to the belt on each of his hips. He lost two of his left fingers and all his left toes after the battle against Vanilla Ice. Having lost his right eye and his legs mid thigh, Polnareff now utilizes a wheelchair and a stylized eye patch. He also gained prosthetic fingers to replace the two that he lost. During the final battle, his soul goes on to inhabit Coco Jumbo's turtle body.

Stand Name: Silver Chariot is the Stand of Jean Pierre Polnareff, primarily featured in Stardust Crusaders and appearing briefly in Vento Aureo. Like most Stands, Silver Chariot is devoid of any will or personality, serving Polnareff without question - though it does display a high learning ability, as Polnareff rarely gives it direct orders. Silver Chariot's battle cry is "Hora Hora Hora", and it seems to have had a tendency to shout "Pami" when Polnareff was a child. Silver Chariot is a dedicated combat-oriented close-range Stand. It represents the Tarot Card The Chariot, which symbolizes invasion and victory. Silver Chariot is a powerful, battle-dedicated close-range Stand that primarily fights with the rapier it is equipped with. All its powers directly assist the Stand in battle but have limited use anywhere else. It is an incredibly agile Stand, able to attack enemies with barrages of sword slashes and thrusts before the opponent can react. It can also use this agility, along with its sword, to defend and deflect attacks aimed at it or its user. Silver Chariot usually doesn't stray far away from Polnareff, but still had the ability to move several meters away from him to attack. Silver Chariot has the distinct weakness of not being able to see whatever its user cannot see, making it weak if Polnareff is in any way in a blind spot. The armor lowers its speed, but also prevents it from being injured, as Polnareff does not receive the same injuries that the armor does as long as it's donned. The armor is shown to be capable of withstanding extreme heat without melting. This ability's drawback seems to be Polnareff's inability to see through Silver Chariot's eyes. Polnareff is able to shed Silver Chariot's armor in order to gain more tremendous speed (enough for afterimages to appear), but doing so renders his Stand more vulnerable to attack as a trade-off. Silver Chariot's only ranged ability and a secret technique. This launches his sword with great force and precision, capable of ricocheting off other objects and striking with enough force to pierce a human body. The major drawback of doing this is that Silver Chariot can only materialize one sword, so Polnareff must retrieve the weapon before being able to attack again.

Stand User: Toshikazu Hazamada is a minor character in Diamond is Unbreakable, featuring as an antagonist in Toshikazu Hazamada (Surface) and in a supporting role in Let's Go Play at the Mangaka's House. Hazamada is initially a malevolent Stand user given power by Keicho Nijimura before being neutralized by Josuke Higashikata and Koichi Hirose. He subsequently becomes lawful and befriends Koichi. His Stand is the manipulating doll, Surface. Hazamada seems quiet and timid. Although fellow students, like Josuke, are initially unaware of him. He holds a hatred of popular people; even jealously attacking his own Stand once it adopts Josuke's appearance. He also displays a very strong passion for things he enjoys, such as his favorite manga series. If these things are insulted in the slightest way or even if someone doesn't particularly like it, Hazamada becomes incredibly violent; even forcing another student to stab his eye out with a mechanical pencil for not liking a manga Hazamada favored. Heaven's Door exposes an even more sordid personality. He has abused small animals, enjoys secretly handling his genitals in class, and once planned to force himself on Junko, a senior female schoolmate. Thus, Rohan judges him despicable, and that no one would want to read a story about such a character. Hazamada's Stand is Surface, able to copy any individual's appearance almost exactly, and in certain circumstances to dictate their movement. Knowing that Koichi Hirose and Josuke Higashikata were searching for Stand users, Tamami told them about Hazamada's incident with his friend, suspecting it to be caused by a Stand. After searching the school, Josuke decides to break open Hazamada's locker. Inside he finds a strange wooden doll, who turns out to be Hazamada's Stand, Surface. After the Stand copies Josuke's image and renders him unable to move, Hazamada appears from behind some lockers and explains that he wishes for Jotaro to leave town. Josuke tries to attack Surface but is unable to do so with his Stand range. Surface forces Josuke to elbow Koichi and then stab himself in the eye with a pen. Assuming he had knocked Josuke unconscious, Hazamada and Surface, still disguised as Josuke, make their way to meet up with Jotaro. They meet Tamami and Surface fools him, making Tamami think it is actually Josuke and knocks him out with a brick. After calling Jotaro to meet up with them at the train station, the disguised Surface is greeted by many school girls, which angers Hazamada. He attempts to punch his own Stand but realizes that it is made of wood, and ends up hurting himself. Surface rebukes Hazamada for his actions since he has seemed to have taken Josuke's personality. Hazamada wipes the blood from his hand upon a nearby motorcycle. The owner of the motorcycle finds the smudge however and begins to insult Hazamada. Surface comes from behind and knocks out the Motorcycle owner's friend and then grabs the owner from behind. Hazamada pulls out a scalpel and attempts to cut the man from the inside of his mouth, but is stopped when broken glass is thrown at him. Surface catches the glass and realizes that it was thrown by Josuke. Josuke is able to reform the broken glass back into a bottle, breaking off Surface's right hand in the process. This allows Josuke and Koichi to run up ahead to meet Jotaro. Josuke and Koichi arrive at Jotaro first, but Surface manages to take control of Josuke again. However, before he is able to attack Jotaro, the motorcycle owner and his friend from before appear, healed and instructed by Josuke to where Hazamada was. They drag Hazamada off, beating him to the point of hospitalization. Josuke, having broken free of Surface's ability, destroys the wooden doll. In the hospital, Josuke and Jotaro question him about Akira Otoishi, but Hazamada denies knowing anything. He then remarks that he believes they will surely encounter him, as Hazamada believes that every Stand user is destined to meet one another by a thin line of fate. The two end up sneaking into Rohan's desk to see his drawings but are affected by his Stand Heaven's Door. Hazamada has his personality read, but Rohan comes to the conclusion that he is unsuitable for his work and leaves him alone. Hazamada appears again after Shigekiyo Yangu's death, being warned about Yoshikage Kira. Unlike the others, Hazamada privately hopes never to encounter Kira instead of offering his vigilance. At the end of the series, Hazamada comes to say goodbye to Reimi Sugimoto.

Stand Name: Surface is the Stand of Toshikazu Hazamada, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Surface appears as a human-sized mannequin, with several screws sticking out of its head. While in action, Surface takes on the appearance of another person - matching voice, mannerisms, and clothing - save for screw on the forehead. It has no personality until its abilities are used, upon which it adopts the personality of whomever it is copying at the moment. While acting as a doppelganger of Josuke, it even made fun of its user, Toshikazu, for hitting him and hurting his hand on its wooden body; it was also smug towards Toshikazu because he was more popular with girls. However, he was still willing to serve his master without question. Befitting its wooden nature, Surface is generally portrayed as light brown in most media. Although physically underwhelming, the only noteworthy characteristic being its speed, Surface is a menacing Stand because of its two powers of mimicry and control over people. Unfortunately, it is held back by Hazamada's pitiful handling and his impulsive personality. Surface's primary ability is to copy the appearance of another person. If the mannequin faces someone, it will perfectly copy that person's appearance, voice, and mannerisms, down to the fingerprints, as noted by Josuke. However, a screw on Surface's forehead enables people to tell them apart. As a Stand bound to a mannequin, no damage done to Surface will be reflected in Hazamada. Surface still remains a wooden mannequin on the inside, causing Hazamada to hurt himself while punching his Stand. If a piece of the mannequin is cut off, that area will return to its wooden state. When Surface impersonates someone, it can force that person to imitate its movements. This prevented Josuke from hitting it by standing still, making it impossible for him to move and strike it - even with his own Stand due to its limited attack range. However, Surface must stand in front of its victim for it to work.

Stand User: Diavolo is the main antagonist of Vento Aureo. He is mostly known as the "Boss" of the gang Passione, which corrupts Naples by dealing drugs in the streets, making him Giorno Giovanna and Bruno Bucciarati's superior and greatest enemy. Because of his obsessive secrecy, almost no one knows about his appearance, name and past. Diavolo is also the father of Trish Una, and commands Team Bucciarati to bring her to him whilst keeping her safe from the traitorous Squadra Esecuzioni. Diavolo is secretly the alternate personality of Vinegar Doppio, and is a Stand User who wields the incredibly powerful King Crimson. Diavolo is a veritably tall man in his 30's with a lean and semi-muscular build. In his first appearance, covered in shadow in all but his glaring eyes, he appears to have short, combed back straight hair and is wearing a suit and tie. His appearance is drastically altered when fully revealed: Diavolo has long hair, leopard-patterned with various spots, parted in a zig-zagging manner; the bangs of which are propped and parted slightly to the side. The rest of his hair is cut straight across at his shoulders. In earlier depictions, varying amounts of Diavolo's hair were cut straight, inconsistently ranging from small locks to the entirety of his hair. His shirt, hidden under Doppio's sweater, appears to be made of complex mesh-wiring: it covers his shoulders and torso but down his back and abdomen are linked circles that are tucked under his belt, which in the back end in two~three long "coat tails". On his arms are elegantly designed floral sleeves leading down to a pair of wristbands. He also shares a pair of studded pants and seemingly sock-less loafers with Doppio. In most of his appearances, Diavolo has a slightly hunched posture when standing. His eyes are unique as his irises are "fragmented", forming as spots and shards of whole irides with a triangular shaped highlight to them. However, while Bucciarati is in control of his body, they become normal with circular highlights. His appearance differs greatly while operating as his alter-ego, Doppio. As Doppio is a completely separate soul sharing a body with Diavolo, they even have different muscular builds. The biggest personality trait Diavolo shows is his obsession with erasing any trace of his history and keeping his presence a secret from the world, a compulsion he tries to fulfill by any means. As he believes the mistakes of the past or simply the past itself is something to be defeated and destroyed in order for human beings to grow, he is exceptionally anxious about his past, linking it to fear, and being apprehensive of anyone learning of him. Even in the already secretive Passione hierarchy, Diavolo goes to excessive length to hide his identity and his face, issuing orders through several proxies or by computer so that nobody ever meets him personally. Diavolo lives most of his life in the shadows, hinted to perpetually travel across Italy hidden in Doppio, his alternate personality, and sleep in motel and hotel rooms exclusively. This compulsive trait of erasing his past is also an allegory to the inherent imperfection in King Crimson, specifically Epitaph's ability; While he can see into the future so as to avoid any mistakes, Diavolo's Stand ability cannot erase any low points or 'ebbs' in his life that have already occurred, forcing him to try to fix his errors through his own personal, manual efforts. Diavolo has a violent tendency to hunt and kill those who try to uncover any kind of personal information, or are merely susceptible to lead his enemies to him, as shown by his will to kill even his own family if it means keeping his identity safe - something highly vocalized through his attempts to murder his daughter, whom has never even met Diavolo herself and only knew things her mother passed down. This is however partially justified since family members within the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure universe share a mystic spiritual link, with Diavolo and Trish being able to sense each others' souls and know where the other is as well as if they are alive. Nevertheless, Diavolo is sufficiently pragmatic not to go on a killing spree every time he's about to be discovered, notably only using his power to confuse a hotel cleaning maid just for as long as he needs to erase any trace of his presence. As soon as he learns of a Passione member trying to investigate him, they will be dubbed as traitors and made examples of his wrath and absolute power. Most notable are Sorbet and Gelato, whom Diavolo had killed and in the case of Sorbet particularly, cut into pieces and framed in formalin, then delivered to Squadra Esecuzioni as a grim warning of the fate awaiting potential traitors. Diavolo is also persistent in keeping himself a secret even from Doppio, his most trusted subordinate and alter-ego. His second most prominent personality trait is his pride and confidence, firstly in his nigh-invincible Stand King Crimson, then in himself. Operating under a philosophy that King Crimson makes him invincible because it allows him to see the "pitfalls" in the future and avoid them, and allows him to manipulate Fate and reality by choosing to nullify arbitrarily chosen events, he justifiably boasts about King Crimson's power regularly. Diavolo notably claims that anyone's actions before King Crimson are vain, which is true to a degree. Secondly, Diavolo is intimately convinced of his innate superiority over humanity. Using epithets such as "Emperor" or "King of Kings", or like other main antagonists in the series, and using the prefix I or Me to announce his name in a sign of superiority over others. The mob boss doesn't doubt that he is fated to remain at the top, or 'apex' as he describes it, forever. This disproportionate pride is not only derived from his idea that people grow from defeating their past (and therefore, he has grown much due to his constant attempts at erasing any type of history of his), it is also backed by the firm belief that he's blessed by Fate; Diavolo's past involved extremely unusual circumstances such as an unnaturally long pregnancy in an all-female prison, making his birth nothing short of a miracle, then him finding six Arrows which would grant him his extraordinarily powerful Stand as well as his massive wealth. As an extension of the idea that he is blessed by Fate, Diavolo considers himself extremely lucky as well. He readily accepts any difficulty as a "test" he'll have to overcome to prove himself as standing above everyone, and though he can be subject to anxiousness or despair, his pride will prevail and he will constantly choose to confront directly whatever problem he has. This causes him to foolishly face Gold Experience Requiem head-on, although he did foresee Giorno Giovanna's death and had no idea of his new powers. Against Requiem Diavolo's confidence crumbled when it countered his time erasure and prediction abilities and left him powerless. When he found himself trapped in an endless death loop, unable to do anything about his situation, Diavolo panicked and his last appearance in the story has him frightened being approached by a little girl; His pride, confidence, and to varying degrees, sanity being completely crushed by his everlasting fatalities. Other than his own philosophy of defeating the past so as to mature, Diavolo also lives by another thematic philosophy that results are the only things that matter in the world. As a decisive and assertive crime boss, Diavolo doesn't hesitate to take shortcuts or directly involve himself with troublesome matters if those actions are the quickest and easiest paths to an end. King Crimson's ability is an echo of this, and maybe the source of it, leaving nothing but the outcomes of situations, specifically those he himself sees fit to keep. He abuses his Stand's power as a means to produce the most favorable conclusions to his problems, and at the same time boldly prove his philosophy's claim to anyone that he confronts. Diavolo shows a degree of prioritization for these results and answers as well, notably when he, upon meeting with Polnareff whom he thought he killed years ago, only questions him as to why he would have an Arrow before attacking once more, rather than how he learned the name of the boss of Passione, or even how he managed to survive being thrown off a cliff into rocky waters. For Diavolo, keeping stability within Passione is secondary to maintaining power and his status as the boss; a mentality that eventually realizes the corruption of Naples, worsens the city's drug problem, and ultimately, leads to the rousal of Giorno Giovanna into joining the gang seeking to dethrone their boss. Diavolo only commands the obedience of his subordinates through greed or fear, causing the organization to even be corrupted within itself, members turning against each other, and multiple people to plot against him. Diavolo is also unforgiving of those he considers enemies, most especially traitors. Should anyone try to approach his alter ego Doppio and pry too much on his past, Diavolo violently rebukes them. For instance, he nearly gouged the eye out of the taxi driver that robbed Doppio and harassed him, and outright and violently murdered a fortune teller that correctly divined his history. Diavolo has also demonstrated an inability to empathize or even understand other people's emotions and morals, especially those righteous, as well as an inability to properly interact with anyone, due in no small part to his overwhelming pride and antisocial secretiveness. When Bucciarati revolts, Diavolo openly theorizes that Bucciarati merely wanted to overthrow him or was opportunistic in his presence, without considering that hurting his own daughter deeply angered Bucciarati. Also forgetting that Squadra Esecuzioni would have a grudge against Diavolo after killing Sorbet and Gelato, he sent them to investigate Donatella's house, allowing them to uncover the existence of Trish. When interacting with others, Diavolo tends to act rather respectfully for his opponents and subordinates if they are obedient and competent. He compliments both Risotto and Bucciarati for their resourcefulness during their battles, and offers Risotto an honorable death. On a smaller scale, he compliments a fortune teller capable of accurately deriving his past as being "the best of the best" and gave a brutal yet painless death. However, Diavolo is also domineering and aggressive, taking his thoughts for absolute truths and ordering his interlocutor around; When he is angry, he is prone to shout insults and issue death threats. Diavolo approaches fights coldly, only considering confrontations as chores to be completed to maintain his supremacy. Diavolo favors eliminating his victims quickly using his King Crimson to confuse them and kill them in a single move. As seen with Bucciarati, Diavolo is shown slightly amused (or at least his Stand is) by the futile efforts of his opponents, and boasts regularly about his perceived invincibility. A pragmatic man, Diavolo still approaches the situation carefully, especially when Doppio is in command, and cannot use his full power. In an unadvantageous situation, Diavolo is patient, carefully undermining the enemy before using one critical attack, making him a most dangerous enemy during any battle, regardless of King Crimson's time erasure. During his youth, the teenager named Diavolo was described as dim and timid, but well-meaning. He also expressed his wish to become a sailor and had a girlfriend Donatella, they were sufficiently close enough to have a child together. Due to the lack of further information and Diavolo's alternate personality disorder, it is unknown if this was a facade, or if he was genuinely like this before. Either way his secretiveness and ruthlessness were already present, having hidden his mother underground and having burnt his home village to the ground simply to hide his past. For unknown reasons, Diavolo kept his mother alive, albeit trapped underground, and his old girlfriend Donatella alive, despite his willingness to kill his daughter. Diavolo's Stand is King Crimson, an extremely powerful Stand with tremendous physical strength and the ability to erase time up to a 10 seconds time frame as well as predict anything that happens over the following 10 seconds. Although it has some limitations, King Crimson renders him essentially invincible in a fight as he can either foresee and counter the enemy's actions or render them meaningless by erasing the timeframe in which they happen. Despite (likely) being human, Diavolo and Doppio share many minor abilities in changing their physical appearance. Doppio looks to be around 17 years of age and shorter than Bucciarati. However, while attacking that same man as Diavolo, he appeared to be a head taller, if not more, as well as being muscular. Furthermore, when Diavolo takes over, Doppio's freckles disappear and his voice deepens, and it may be possible that his hair can become longer or shorter than Doppio's. According to Diavolo, it takes him roughly 10 seconds to completely take over Doppio's body, but the transformation back to Doppio is instant. While Doppio is in control, Diavolo has quite a few abilities, border-lining omniscience. He was able to tell that the taxi driver didn't see the picture of Donatella that Doppio was carrying, despite his subordinate's beliefs, and was later able to see the lurking Risotto. Diavolo also seems to be able to manipulate Doppio's memories, as Diavolo remembers everything and can see everything that happens to Doppio but not vice versa, although it's unknown how much of this is based off Doppio's possible poor memory. Diavolo can communicate with Doppio through any kind of object while not in control, granting his subordinate the belief that his alter ego is another person all together. Although we haven't heard the quality of these "calls" yet and whether or not the objects alter the quality of Diavolo's voice, Doppio can always hear his alter ego's voice through the object. Doppio also, on occasion, forgets that he's been able to communicate with Diavolo, but he consistently has never realized he's been using a broken or non-phone object. These "phones" have ranged from ice cream to frogs, to cigarettes to toys, and of course Doppio always carries on him a broken or dismantled phone headset. Diavolo is for unknown reasons, exceptionally knowledgeable about souls and their mechanisms, and is also equally skilled at manipulating his own soul. Diavolo shows uncommon knowledge about souls, for instance being able to tell the near dying Bucciarati's state and then correctly guess that he can only see souls. Knowing that souls of family members have the same "scent", Diavolo is able to grant a shard of his soul to Doppio to disguise himself as Trish's soul. Moreover, under Chariot Requiem's influence, Diavolo has been able to control in which body he could go, although he otherwise couldn't freely control it. Although Diavolo could exert subtle control of his own soul, he remains subject to the powers of soul-manipulating Stands such as Chariot Requiem. As Trish Una's father, Diavolo has a spiritual connection to her. By instinct, he can sense that she is indeed his daughter and was able to feel that she was alive despite being informed that the plane she was on had crashed. As the proofs of Diavolo's abilities, the Boss has built a powerful gang with influence spreading across Italy in a matter of years. To avoid his enemies spying on him, Diavolo has proved to be imaginative in delivering his orders, using proxies, computers, dead drops, or even exploiting his subordinates' Stand abilities so only they could access the messages. During a fight, Diavolo usually relies on his King Crimson's power and favors straightforward tactics like erasing time and positioning himself for a fatal strike. However, Diavolo has also shown to be rather observant, taking note of any event and keeping tabs on his enemies' abilities. He notably predicted that Giorno Giovanna's wit would become a real nuisance to his plans and treaded carefully with him. Diavolo also kept observing the apparently defeated Team Bucciarati from afar and managed to correctly analyze their state of mind and subsequently roughly guess their goals. Finally, Diavolo was the first and only one person to be observant enough to see the mechanisms of Chariot Requiem and guess its weak points, enabling him to disable the Stand effortlessly. Diavolo has shown to be able of thinking on his feet, not panicking when he was chased by Bruno Bucciarati and Narancia Ghirga in a body deprived of hemoglobin and quickly using the surrounding fauna to replenish his blood. He also subsequently exploited this opportunity to assassinate Leone Abbacchio. Likewise in Rome, an accidental meeting with Bruno was exploited by him to approach Polnareff and assassinate him. Diavolo's arguably most effective tactic was during his confrontation against Risotto Nero, during which he exploited both the presence of Team Bucciarati, Risotto's own scalpels, and his own weakened state to manipulate Aerosmith into shooting only Risotto and turn the tables against the assassin.

Stand Name: King Crimson is the Stand of Diavolo, featured in Vento Aureo. It has a sub-Stand, Epitaph, which is primarily utilised by Doppio, Diavolo's split personality. Epitaph King Crimson embodies Diavolo's personality in its entirety, as he frequently speaks through his stand. Aside from that, its face frequently possesses an angry or irritated expression, though on rare occasions, it also shows a maniacal grin when certain events fall in Diavolo's favor, such as when he gets his hands on the Arrow. King Crimson is one of the more impressive Stands featured in the series. Both physically strong and possessing the ability to erase time and predict the future, King Crimson is described as invincible against all other Stands whose powers do not affect time. King Crimson is a powerful Stand able to punch through people's bodies or cleave them in a chop with significant ease. Unlike other melee-based Stand Users, Diavolo generally uses it to perform swift single attacks that are almost always fatal rather than painful barrages. Examples include completely obliterating a fortune teller's upper body in a single punch and throwing a pairs of scissors with such strength that they completely severed Risotto Nero's right foot, among multiple other occasions where it effortlessly severed and rived body parts (especially limbs). It also managed to destroy a large wall with a single punch. Its feats of strength and speed are comparable to Star Platinum and The World. Much like other Close-Range Stands, its weaknesses are poor effective range (about 2–3 meters) and permanence, making it difficult for its User to hide their identity against multiple foes. King Crimson's signature ability is to erase a given frame of time lasting up to 10 seconds, starting from the instant the ability is activated. "During" this period of time, other people will be unable to experience anything that happened and will retain no memories of it either. After the allotted time frame, they will suddenly find themselves in the situation they were supposed to be afterwards. There is, however, one instance where a person was able to see their double before finding themselves in their future position. On the other hand, Diavolo remains fully conscious during the erased time and only he can re-adjust his actions. In the manga, Diavolo sees the erased time as a void filled with juxtapositions of what would have happened during this period in a fashion akin to Nude Descending a Staircase, allowing him to think out the next best action (for instance, when Bruno Bucciarati tried to punch Diavolo during the erased time, Diavolo saw Bucciarati's superimposed positions during his punch). The anime adaptation has Diavolo visualize a ghostly red image of his foe's next move instead. Diavolo is unable to attack while King Crimson's time erasure is active. As a result, he often relies on the ability to avoid attacks and move himself into advantageous positions, such as enemy blind spots. Using his Stand's exceptional destructive power, Diavolo then directly attacks the enemy the moment King Crimson's ability is cancelled. However, Diavolo is also able to splatter his own blood onto an enemy's projection in anticipation of blinding them. Epitaph is a sub-Stand that assists and completes King Crimson's time erasure. The image produced includes the general area with Doppio/Diavolo as the main focus, allowing either of them to see what happens around them as well as directly at them. However, the visions are incomplete and only show the final result without the steps taken to it and thus can be subject to interpretation. In one instance, Doppio could see himself on the ground with a foot flying, but initially thought that the foot was his. While the predictions seen by Epitaph are unavoidable, they still effectively only warn Diavolo and Doppio against incoming danger, allowing them to steer events to alleviate the damage such as when Doppio realized a pair of scissors would form inside his throat, he easily tore them out in order to save himself. King Crimson itself can prevent the predictions from being completed if it erases the right timeframe. Likewise a Stand affecting Fate like Gold Experience Requiem which returns King Crimson's power to the "zero" state, can simply make the vision false as it steers Fate to its advantage. Diavolo and Doppio often use the forecasting ability of Epitaph to predict any incoming threat, making sneak attacks ineffective against them.

Stand User: The Diego Brando from Another Worldo is the final antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. This Diego is introduced after the death of the original to the "root world" of the Corpse by Funny Valentine. He is a racer from a similar Steel Ball Run happening in another universe. Upon request from the President and coveting the Saint's Corpse, he confronts Johnny Joestar in the final stage of the Steel Ball Run. He is also a Stand User like his original counterpart, but instead of Scary Monsters, he wields the mighty Stand THE WORLD. Of few or no scruples, the second Diego is crueler than the first, prepared as he is to kill Johnny in inventively violent ways such as by throwing knives, like DIO, or using matches to burn him alive. He is capable of sacrificing innocent people for his sake, though he berates Johnny for killing his fans in the first place. The second Diego's Stand, THE WORLD, is almost identical to DIO's The World: A powerful, humanoid Stand capable of stopping time for ~5 seconds. Differing slightly in appearance, this Stand replaces hearts in its design with "D" emblems (e.g. on its knees), sports clocks on its shoulders and hips, and lacks the gloves/knuckle plates on its arm braces as well as a belt. It possesses a much slimmer physique while removing its pseudo-robotic arm pivots and knee hinges with joints under solid "skin" to appear more humanlike. Later, after the final battle between Johnny and Valentine, the President tried to make a deal with Johnny, making the promise he can bring back Gyro Zeppeli (switching a Gyro from another universe with the deceased Gyro). However, Valentine was planning a last trick and uses the time talking with Johnny to search for an ally in another universe. With this objective in mind, Funny Valentine negotiated with this alternative version of Diego to take the Saint Corpse Parts and to kill Johnny. After Johnny finally beats Valentine, he was surprised to see the Saint Corpse Parts were gone again. He pursued the thief only to discover he was none other than Diego Brando. In his final attack, Diego used his five seconds to make a double attack: He fired a gun while THE WORLD attacked Johnny's back. Johnny was badly hurt again falling from his horse and couldn't use his new attack. However, he had accumulated enough spin to make their final attack, using Tusk Act 4 starts climbing Diego's leg. At that time, Diego remembers what Valentine told him about the Golden Spin technique and how to overcome it; cutting his leg and throwing it to Johnny, Diego manages to beat Johnny with his own technique and mount his horse, leaving him to die. Moments later, Diego wins the race and fulfills the last will of Funny Valentine by keeping the body in the secret chamber of Holy Trinity. When all hope seemed lost, Lucy Steel appears, ready to stop Diego. She exposes the head of the first Diego, killing him when the heads from both dimensions merge and obliterate one another. Though Diego, either version, is not physically present in All Star Battle, some of his alternate's lines are present and fully voiced in the final part of Steel Ball Run's STORY MODE. Interestingly enough, he is voiced by Takehito Koyasu, DIO's voice actor. He is referred to as "Dio" instead of Diego. This Diego Brando was confirmed for Eyes of Heaven alongside Johnny, Gyro, and Valentine, his name titled Diego Brando from Parallel World, shortened as The World Diego. Diego Brando from Parallel World The World Diego The World Diego has an unconventional standard set of abilities: Instead of a Homing Dash that all other characters have and used to charge forward, Diego summons THE WORLD at mid-range to take opponents by surprise and knock them down with a chop; In place of a Powerful Attack, Diego summons THE WORLD to throw five knives forward in a fanning fashion; In place of a Takedown Attack, an unblockable strike used against guarding opponent, Diego pulls out a revolver and fires a singular, high-damaging shot that also deals massive damage to guard (an opponent's guard will break using only two bullets). This causes The World Diego to have a unique basic playstyle outside of his special skills. As a Mounted Fighter, The World Diego is able to switch between riding atop Silver Bullet or moving on-foot. Also, as a Stand User, he is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. The World Diego interacts in a special manner with larger stage objects in that he can trap them with barb wire, which will paralyze opponents that get too close and leave them open to further attack. While this is a simple style of trap by itself among playable characters, Diego can then create a larger trap: if he traps two stage objects within range of each other that have a direct line between them, the two will automatically link their barb wire together, creating a long trap extending between the two. He is paired with Part 4 Jotaro Kujo in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, having been placed in the F Block series of battles to be incorporated into the main Tournament. They defeated Josuke Higashikata (JJL) and Narciso Anasui in the first round, but were eliminated by Bruno Bucciarati and Trish Una in the second.

Stand Name: THE WORLD is the Stand of the Diego Brando from Another Universe, featured in Steel Ball Run. An alternate version of the original The World from Part 3, it appears alongside its user during his confrontation with Johnny Joestar in the arc High Voltage. Inherent in most short-range Stands, THE WORLD demonstrates an above-average attack strength, delivering strikes powerful enough to cleave through its own limbs and presumably eliminate enemies with a single punch. Its range of manifestation is at least a couple meters, as it separated from Diego at one point to deliver a pincer attack. As described by Diego, THE WORLD possesses the ability to stop time, allowing only itself and its user to act within the stopped time. The maximum duration of the ability is approximately 5 seconds. During this period, objects that were thrown by THE WORLD or its user will eventually stop in midair and once time resumes, will continue traveling at the velocity they were thrown at. Diego prefers to use his power to set up traps against Johnny rather than killing him directly, although it may be due to the danger of approaching Tusk ACT4.

Stand User: The A. Phex Brothers are minor antagonists featured in JoJolion. The twin brothers are Rock Humans belonging to the Rokakaka Organization as assassins. They hunt down Karera Sakunami for her knowledge concerning the Rokakaka and clash with Josuke Higashikata. They are both Stand Users who wield their Schott Key No.1 and Schott Key No.2 in unison. The pair share a duality described as harmonious with one another, being based on the Japanese concept of 'A-un', which explains the connected nature of opposites and their seemingly contradictory similarities. Aside from that, the elder of the two brothers seems to be the one in charge, and was the only one to speak at first, but the younger brother speaks as well later on. The elder brother is the one who communicates with the policemen in place of his brother and the one who displays a Stand power; his brother however would later reveal he also possessed a Stand - hidden in his soccer ball bag. The younger brother is more reserved, preferring to let his older brother do most of the talking. The younger brother also has a habit of kicking around his Stand's container and performing tricks with it, not unlike, and in the guise of, a soccer player. The elder of the two brothers has utilized his Stand, Schott Key No. 1, on multiple occasions and it has become apparent that the function of his power is to shift objects touched with his left hand to the stub on his right; wherein he can manipulate the way it materializes for a variety of strategic advantages. The first example of this is shown during the confrontation between the brothers and a pair of police officers who attempt to ascertain the identity of the brothers. Objects transported in this fashion will seem to break down and crumble while the material reassembles on the other end. Schott Key No. 1 The younger brother's Stand, Schott Key No. 2, possesses the ability to release potentially fatal toxic gas whenever the Stand's container is opened. Its effect induces a bloody cough when inhaled, and quickly corrodes skin that comes in contact with it. The gas can be transported by Schott Key No. 1 to give the elder brother a deadly technique in combat. Schott Key No. 2 While similar to a human's, their bodies can presumably change into rock. Because of this, they do not need to sleep or rest. They can mimic rocks to the point that it makes them indistinguishable from them. Norisuke theorizes that Yotsuyu's physiology requires him to have at least a small amount of skin respiration and in the absence of such his body structure will begin to break down due to it becoming less structurally stable than an ordinary human's. This could be a trait shared by other Rock humans, including the A. Phex Brothers. The younger brother demonstrates versatile and dynamic control of his soccer ball common of experts, capable of moving it between his legs and head effortlessly and kicking it with enough force and power that it could be considered an attack of its own. The A. Phex Brothers were born as nameless Rock Humans, and subsequently took their names from normal humans. At one point in their lives, they became assassins for the Rokakaka Organization. On August 19, 2011, the A. Phex Brothers were sent to assassinate Josefumi Kujo and Yoshikage Kira. Although they found the duo, Josefumi defeated the both of them and pummelled them down a cliff before he was buried alongside Kira. They were subsequently sent on Karera Sakunami's trail, chasing her for six months. The pair are first observed performing tricks with a soccer ball in the streets of Morioh as Josuke and Karera walk on, to the amazement of the gathering crowd. As Josuke and Karera walk away from the ATM, the brothers can be seen questioned by a pair of policemen as to the strange nature of their ball and what one officer perceives to be a rock held in the hand of the older brother. After he demonstrates his ability in subduing the policemen, dialogue exchanged between the two brothers suggests that they have been hunting Karera and are surprised she has lasted this long. Searching the streets for people who have come into contact with Karera, they eventually run into her and Josuke when the pair are nearing Kira's apartment, and the younger brother acts as a distraction while the other grabs Karera from behind and uses his ability to transport the fuel in a car's tank all over her, proceeding to set her ablaze if not for the intervention of Josuke's Soft & Wet. At the realization that Josuke appears to be a more pressing threat they decided to prioritize him as their target while allowing Karera to escape, more fixated on discovering the identity of the strange and powerful man who also has ties to the Rokakaka fruits. The two gang up on Josuke but Karera returns and sets both of them on fire. They die, as the upper halves of their bodies turn to stone and crumble away.

Stand Name: Schott Key No.2 is the Stand of the younger A. Phex Brother, featured in JoJolion. Schott Key No.2 is an automatic Stand with a straightforward and deadly poison ability but with no shown physical power. Thus it is impractical to use in direct combat. To seal Schott Key No. 2, the younger brother must keep it hidden inside his football. Fortunately for the A. Phex Brothers, the younger can expertly manipulate the ball with his body to juggle and attack. Schott Key No.2 constantly releases a toxic gas, the strength of which is not shown in full. The gas is potent enough to burn Josuke's skin on contact and a brief exposure made it difficult for him to breathe, and at full exposure it can kill a person. The younger A. Phex brother is notably not immune to his own poison. Thus he hides his Stand inside a football which he throws or kicks at the enemy. Schott Key No.2 can be used in combination with Schott Key No.1, as the elder A. Phex Brother can touch the zipper on the soccer ball with his left hand to spread Schott Key No.2's toxic gas with his right hand.

Stand User: Donatello Versus is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Donatello is one of DIO's illegitimate sons, and the half-brother of Ungalo, Rikiel, and Giorno Giovanna. When he fatefully meets Enrico Pucci, he awakens his Stand, Under World, and battles Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes Costello in Orlando. Although he cooperates with Pucci, he has his own ambitions. Versus holds a grudge against the world and society in general. He has a strong desire to become happier than anyone else. In terms of similarities to his father DIO, he has inherited his personality traits such as selfishness and ruthlessness. Under World allows Donatello to revive past events from Florida's soils and imprison people in them, forcing his victim to experience whatever happened. Donatello Versus was raised by his mother and stepfather, a man who "did nothing but tell long stories of his womanizing ways," who his mother married at an unknown point in Versus' life. After running away from home at age 13, a pair of baseball shoes fell from the sky onto his head. He put them on but was soon arrested and taken to court, where he learned the shoes belonged to real-life Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki, originally to be given to disabled children as a gift. Upon hearing the boy say (truthfully) that the shoes fell from the sky, the judge flew into a rage, disgusted by the fact that a 13-year-old boy would stoop so low as to steal from children less fortunate than himself. Versus was quickly deemed guilty on circumstantial evidence of stealing the shoes and was sent to a juvenile detention facility for six months, Versus' mother and stepfather not objecting to his incarceration. However, four months after Versus' arrest, the true criminal confessed. The criminal was a professional burglar, who, after stealing the shoes, was afraid that he would be caught because the shoes were so famous, and dropped the shoes down a ventilation shaft on top of a building to get rid of them. When word reached the facility he was being held in that he had been wrongly condemned, Versus had already been physically and emotionally drained, and he was almost too weak to even move because of a string of strange events that had occurred over the course of his incarceration. For instance, Versus tripped while walking in the field of the facility and his hand was impaled by a knife that had been buried there sometime before. Versus would find out the next day that the knife belonged to a corrupt guard who had been hiding it, presumably to threaten other inmates. As a result of this, the guard bullied and beat Versus regularly. His hand wound was finally treated two weeks after the fact, but worms and pus still infested the wound. Possibly as a result of this, Versus fell into a fever and nearly died. Another occurrence was that Versus urinated on a decrepit wall that crumbled and revealed the skeleton of a long-dead woman. However, during 2011, Enrico Pucci took Versus and two of DIO's other sons, his half-brothers Ungalo and Rikiel, under his wing and helped them develop their Stand powers. After failed to eliminate Ermes Costello and Jolyne, Versus betrayed Pucci by stealing Weather Report's Memory Disc using his Stand, Underworld. An angered Pucci demanded Versus to give the disc back to him, panicked shall Weather regained his memories. However, it's too late and Weather was later revealed to be in fact Domenico Pucci, Enrico's twin brother. A cornered Versus remarked that since Weather has regained his old memories now, he wouldn't be an ally to neither Enrico nor Jolyne. Versus then escaped from the scene and decided to steal Jotaro Kujo's Disc from Emporio, believing it's what Pucci had been looking for to achieve "Heaven." However, he was quickly defeated and forced to drive to locate both Weather and Pucci. Versus' final moments in the manga would come when Jolyne and Anasui attack Pucci while Whitesnake activated its illusory powers. However, Anasui realizes that he attacked Versus instead of Pucci, killing him. Versus appears in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle as the guide for the support items shop in Story Mode, using his Stand ability to dig up the player's support item of choice at the cost of gold.

Stand Name: Under World is the Stand of Donatello Versus, featured in Stone Ocean. Under World relies on its versatile power to help Versus get ahead in a fight and has no fighting ability whatsoever. Although Versus is granted a wide array of actions to use to his advantage, he is defenseless if he has to fight a Stand user head-on. It also appears more vulnerable to damage, at least within a memory playback, as Jolyne was able to injure it and it's user by firing a pen into it's neck. Under World is able to excavate memories of events and people from the earth. Acting on the assumption that the ground has a "memory" of everything that happens upon it, Under World can summon any past event that has happened in Orlando, Florida, with no limitation to its date of occurrence and scope, by digging through the soil and uncovering the underground. The memories include car crashes, shootings, plane crashes, NFL football games, minerals, and even individuals. To assist it, Versus is also granted the knowledge of everything that has happened in the past. If Under World cannot do the motion of digging up the ground, then it is unable to summon memories. The memories of individuals are somehow aware of their status yet do not mind it, one stewardess calmly informing Jolyne of her plane's impending crash. These memories are also composed of the earth and can be seen by non-Stand users. Similar to Bohemian Rhapsody, if an individual becomes caught in an event, they will experience what occurred in the memory (i.e. those caught in an impending plane crash will experience exactly the specific crash that is brought up) and cannot change the event. Once caught, one must find a loophole or condition in the memory to escape death, such as a certain area where nobody dies or is injured. Memories of people who don't die in the original event will not die no matter what during the replayed event and can be used as a type of cover. This method of loopholes can only be utilized effectively if the victim has a thorough knowledge of the event. Apart from trapping people in lethal events, Under World's ability has other uses. Memories of individuals can be investigated for information. Replayed events can also indirectly attack victims without catching them in an event, such as a stray bullet.

Stand User: Yotsuyu Yagiyama is a minor antagonist appearing in JoJolion. He is an architect who worked on the Higashikata Family mansion and the baseball stadium where Aisho Dainenjiyama works. Yotsuyu is revealed to be a Rock Human with a stolen name, belonging to a Rokakaka Organization. He attacks Josuke Higashikata in order to finish off Josuke's previous identity. Yotsuyu is a Stand User who wields the Stand, I Am a Rock. Cruel and calculating, Yotsuyu states that above all he desires social status. He demonstrates manipulative prowess when exploiting Tsurugi's fear of his family's disease in order to coerce him into assisting in trapping Josuke. As Josuke states, Yotsuyu is the type of person who will attack innocent people in order to show he is serious about his threats. Apparently, he has some previous encounter with the man who fused with Yoshikage Kira. He expresses annoyance at how persistent a hindrance Josuke is after exclaiming that he returned to life even after Yotsuyu himself killed him. Despite all of that, Aisho recalls Yagiyama in a positive and helpful light as a note in his flashback where Yagiyama appeared to be sympathetic and supportive of the more naive Aisho after he finds out his girlfriend has betrayed him. Like all Rock Humans have shown thus far, he has shown an interest in the Rokakaka Tree and its fruit to the point where he is willing to eliminate anyone else who might have information that could hinder his motives. Yotsuyu's Stand is I Am a Rock; able to attribute a force to targets attracting to one type of object at a time. Additionally, he is able to attract rocks to himself to cause damage to people or objects close to him, but it is unclear if he can use this to attract other objects. While similar to a human's, Yotsuyu's body can change into a rock. Because of this, he does not need to sleep or rest. He can mimic rocks to the point that he is indistinguishable from them. Norisuke theorizes that Yotsuyu's physiology requires him to have at least a small amount of skin respiration and in the absence of such his body structure will begin to break down due to it becoming less structurally stable than an ordinary human's. Also, it is curious to mention that Yotsuyu was able to produce a strange transparent film from his eyes/mouth which he used to waterboard Yasuho, but at this stage, it isn't confirmed whether this is a trait all 'Rock Humans' possess or something exclusive to Yagiyama. Yotsuyu was born a nameless Rock Human. Although his youth is undisclosed, he managed to steal the identity of a young man named "Yotsuyu Yagiyama" and became an architect. As part of his job, Yotsuyu built the Higashikata House for Norisuke and renovated Morioh's stadium. At the same time, he was working as Tamaki Damo's underling in the Rokakaka Organization. At one point, Yotsuyu approached Jobin Higashikata to enlist him within the organization. According to Aisho's flashback, at some point before the events of JoJolion, Yotsuyu was there to inform Dainenjiyama of his girlfriend's betrayal and it is implied that the two were at least acquainted with one another beforehand. On August 19, 2011, Yotsuyu, alongside Tamaki Damo confronted the two men who stole a Rokakaka branch: Josefumi Kujo and Yoshikage Kira. After both escaped, Yotsuyu was ordered by Tamaki to conduct a search in order to corner the thieves. Later Yotsuyu would mention being the one who killed Josefumi by 'crushing him between two rocks' and remark that if not for Kira, Josuke would never have been revived. However, it is shown that Yotsuyu didn't have a direct hand in Josefumi and Kira's demise and merely witnessed the A. Phex Brothers fall from a cliff. Learning about the duo's survival in an amnesiac man dubbed "Josuke", Yotsuyu decides to eliminate the latter. He meets Tsurugi Higashikata and feeding the Rokakaka to a dog, he tricks the young boy into helping him lure Josuke in the open. Yotsuyu Yagiyama first appears in the story within the secret room below the Higashikata estate, watching Yasuho Hirose sleep. He uses his Stand power to suffocate her in an attempt to draw out Paisley Park and examine it. Once Paisley Park manifests, he uses his Stand to trap it in place and seems to be able to identify its unique abilities, such as it being a long-distance type Stand. While she is still trapped, he reveals that he is an architect scouting out interesting properties, such as the secret room, and states that he hopes that Josuke never retrieves his memories, appearing to know more than he lets on. Yasuho, in a last-ditch attempt to free herself, manages to fold an origami bunch of bananas, which she successfully uses to trip Yagiyama, as they are still powered by Tsurugi Higashikata's Stand Paper Moon King. Yagiyama falls onto broken glass Yasuho had earlier tried to use to cut the film on her face, and in the confusion his Stand's power weakens, freeing Yasuho from the film. Though seemingly injured, he mysteriously disappeared. Later, he assaults Josuke and Norisuke as they attempt to gain access to the basement by touching Josuke's foot and activating his Stand to cause large flower pots to accelerate towards them as he watches from the entrance, surprised Josuke would return to the location just to die again. When the two manage to avoid the flower pot shards piercing into their bodies he activates his Stand a second time, only to cause thousands of chestnuts to advance on them instead. When this fails Yotsuyu resorts to kidnapping Yasuho from inside the basement cellar and takes her out through the hidden fault in the roof caused by the earthquake. Josuke and Norisuke follow him using the latter's Stand King Nothing to track Yasuho's scent. He lays her down among rocks close to the shoreline and proceeds to hide so that when the two approach he can catch them by surprise using his rock skin to blend into his surroundings. This ambush culminates in him using his Stand for a third time; in order to lure Josuke outside and engage in a final ploy by attracting dozens of pesticide containers to him, hoping that they would burst and the liquid would seep into his skin and poison him. Josuke's response is to encase Yotsuyu in a large soap bubble, intending to carry him off and drop him into the sea but Yagiyama is able to attract several nearby rocks towards himself in order to pop the bubble and set himself free, thinking he had foiled Josuke's plan. In reality, Josuke was merely positioning Yotsuyu closer to the shore so that he could tackle him off of the cliff-side into the water below. In the end, Josuke used his soap bubbles to push Yotsuyu into the sea in an attempt to force information out of him, preventing them both from surfacing by wrapping his body in nets Norisuke salvaged from the shoreline. However, the unexpected happens when Yotsuyu's rock human physiology causes his body to break down when he no longer is capable of skin respiration, killing him. As his body breaks apart, Josuke spots the mysterious fruit floating away from his pocket and disappearing into the ocean current.

Stand Name: I Am a Rock is the Stand of Yotsuyu Yagiyama, featured in JoJolion. I Am a Rock is a close-range Stand, unable to travel far from Yotsuyu and with a short ability range. In terms of speed and power, this Stand is capable of overpowering a human-like Karera Sakunami, but despite Yotsuyu's confidence in a frontal assault against Josuke, Soft & Wet is able to overwhelm I Am a Rock in a fistfight. Thus, Yotsuyu prefers to let his Stand's ability kill the target rather than openly confront them. When Yotsuyu touches someone, the victim begins to naturally attract specific objects toward them. After being touched, the victim will have objects slowly converging toward them with exponential speed and strength as the objects approach. The objects will eventually come in contact with the victim and push into the flesh toward the center of the body. Every time the power is activated, the victim will attract only one type of object, for instance, flower pots, chestnuts, or cans of pesticide. The converging is inexorable; breaking the objects only results in more pieces digging themselves into the victim and the strength of the attraction is important, thus it is impossible to simply push away the objects. Yotsuyu can affect several people at the same time with the same type of object or affect himself, although he is then able to toggle the ability. Yotsuyu can choose what kind of object will be attracted to the victim. Because of the great power of this ability, I Am a Rock also possesses a small range of 5 to 10 meters, and it is possible to exit the range of its ability to escape. Yotsuyu typically attacks someone by using I Am a Rock in conjunction with his Rock Human physiology. By hiding in the landscape as a rock and then stealthily touch someone, he can simply wait until the victim is overwhelmed by the converging items and repeat the process if it fails. An aspect of this Stand's ability is shown while Yotsuyu Yagiyama attacks Yasuho in Tsurugi's secret room in the abandoned fruit storehouse of the Higashikata estate; in a successful attempt to draw out Paisley Park. Later, it is used in a sustained attack on Josuke, aiming to kill or prevent him from ever recovering his lost memories. Its powers are utilized first to attract flower pots to Josuke, and then Chestnuts and finally bottles of pesticide.

Stand User: Yoshikage Kira is a character featured in JoJolion. Kira is the son of Holy Joestar-Kira and the older brother of Kyo Nijimura. Parts of his corpse were exchanged with Josefumi Kujo which transformed Josefumi into Josuke Higashikata. Kira worked as a marine surgeon and was also a Stand User, wielding the bomb-producing Killer Queen. Kira was a narcissist, keeping sculptures of his own hands around his house, apparently as documents to their ideal state. A copy of the Mona Lisa hangs from a wall in his living room, alluding to the Kira of Diamond is Unbreakable, indicating a similar fascination with beautiful hands. He seems to have had certain obsessive-compulsive tendencies, keeping an organized stock of entirely green foods, and shelves of containers of his fingernails in his bathroom, labeled by date. His interactions with others are mostly cold and apathetic. As a teenager, he immediately jumped to the conclusion that a drowned and unconscious Josefumi was fated to die, showing exasperation when his mother prompted him to manually save the boy's life, only wishing to see Titanic in the theater later and leaving the hospital alone because of it. As an adult, when a fellow crew member on his team is injured, sustaining heavy blood loss and the inability to breathe, as the surgeon of the crew, Kira applied little effort to helping him, nonchalantly putting his shoes on before getting out of bed and ordering the others to hold his hand and encourage him, without so much as looking in his direction (his lack of concern was mostly due to presumably knowing the seriousness of the injury and that the crew member was in no life-threatening danger). Later, he easily antagonizes Rock Humans by referring to them as "things" rather than individuals, even though he had not interacted with any of them at that point. He is shown in several instances speaking to Sasame in a deliberately confusing and insulting manner, intimidating and threatening him away from the coast in order to rectify Kira's personal problem with him as a surfer; being 'indecisive' about being either a man of the sea or of the land. However, his sister Kyo claims that he was not heartless, as he cared for his mother and actively worked to save her from the same disease that plagues the Higashikata family. On another occasion, Kira sacrificed his life to save Josefumi when their plan to cultivate and harvest the Rokakaka fruit was found out by Yotsuyu and Damo, as he believed Josefumi had no right to die since he was only involved because of Kira's own personal agenda. This proves he can be a good loyal friend to those he cares for. Kira's Stand is Killer Queen, with the ability to generate bubbles that explode on contact. Part of this Stand is fused to Josefumi Kujo's when the two are buried together, resulting in Soft & Wet. Kira possesses a small sailing boat, and at least knows how to pilot it. It is suggested that Kira had hypnotic powers of persuasion of some sort by the extreme influence he wielded over Sasame on a past occasion, talking him into eating his own fingers. However, nothing else of the sort was shown. During his youth, Yoshikage helped save Josefumi Kujo from a blood clot using his Killer Queen's Sheer Heart Attack. In the fall of 2005, Kira encountered a 13-year old Yasuho Hirose after she had been admitted to the hospital for non-fatal head injuries. Following a brief exchange between her and Holy, Kira entered Yasuho's room and apologized for his mother's behavior, while also revealing that he had stepped on Yasuho's hair clip earlier. He stated that the crystal inside was a fake, but offered to pay for it before walking out. Kira then became a marine surgeon who was once acquainted with Ojiro Sasame. He continuously bullied Sasame questioning him as to whether surfers are "people of the sea or people of the land", stating that he "dislikes passing through the borders of things", as well as the ambiguity in Sasame's profession, before somehow convincing him to bite off or eat all of his fingers. In 2009, while on duty, Kira accidentally stumbled over Aisho Dainenjiyama in his rock form, discovering the existence of the Rock Humans. Curious, Kira then investigated Aisho's activities, learned of the Rokakaka's existence, and met with Josefumi Kujo. Josefumi, having a debt toward Kira and his mother for saving his life many years before, agreed to cooperate with Kira in stealing the Rokakaka. The two eventually managed to snatch a branch of the tree from Aisho without him knowing, planning to graft the branch to another tree to harvest the Rokakaka later. At some point Kira associates with Karera Sakunami, and the two take a photo together with Josefumi. She remarks that Josefumi and Kira used to live together. Kira and Josefumi were eventually found by Tamaki Damo and Yotsuyu Yagiyama. Tamaki proceeded to torture Kira and Josefumi, at one point cutting off Kira's liver. Kira and Josefumi, however, managed to escape and he was dragged to the location of the Rokakaka, having already lost consciousness. Josefumi tried to heal him using one of the fruits, even using his Soft & Wet to break the fruit down to feed via bubbles. However, this proved to be in vain, as Kira had already died from his injuries. Josefumi, already undergoing the equivalent exchange process from the Rokakaka, hugged his friend as the two were crushed by debris: causing parts of their bodies to be exchanged from the Wall Eye. Josefumi, later known as Josuke, emerged from the rubble with parts of Kira's body exchanged with his own and without any memories. Kira's corpse is later found at this site, his cause of death diagnosed as cardiac arrest. Josuke and Yasuho subsequently attempt to investigate Kira, particularly due to his connections to the Higashikata family.

Stand Name: Killer Queen is the Stand of Yoshikage Kira, featured in JoJolion. Killer Queen shows no evidence of consciousness, its face often apathetic. Not much is shown of Killer Queen's capabilities, but like its counterpart, it is a close range Stand which always stays close to its user Yoshikage and has above average fighting abilities. Moreover it possesses power revolving around explosives and can deploy two types of bombs to fight, making it powerful force in battle. As described by Kyo Nijimura, Killer Queen's primary ability is to create bubbles that explode on contact. These bubbles were described as floating in the air as projectiles, but are shown to also form inside a person's skin or an object if Killer Queen physically strikes them, having the target locally inflate and explode. Killer Queen can produce several treaded bombs called Sheer Heart Attack. The Sheer Heart Attacks are miniature tanks that can also produce an explosion, but Kira can remotely control them with precision. Kira can choose how voluminous the bombs are, and is able to make them small enough to travel through a person's bloodstream or the size of someone's head. The power of the blast is dependant on their size, and Sheer Heart Attack can either clear a blood clot from a young Josefumi Kujo, as well as detonate an entire pier. The Sheer Heart Attacks shown do not have a nose like their counterpart and resemble its beaten down form.

Stand User: Sandman in reality referred to by his tribe as Soundman is a minor character and antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. Sandman comes from a Native American tribe. Despite being ostracized, he hopes that winning the Steel Ball Run race will earn him the money to buy back his ancestor's land and becomes one of the fiercest competitors in the race thanks to his running technique. He eventually sides with Funny Valentine and battles Johnny Joestar and Gyro Zeppeli near the Mississipi to take their Saint's Corpse parts. Sandman is a Stand User who wields In a Silent Way in battle. Sandman is a Native American with a singular and cynical outlook on the world but who is also loyal to his tribe. Sandman is introduced as an open-minded member of his tribe, for instance shown in the possession of books expressively forbidden by the tribe due to originating from white settlers and having developed his unique and admittedly extraordinary running style while ignoring his tribe's own techniques. Sandman is critical of his fellow tribesmen, highlighting to his sister their outdated views and their misconceptions. For instance he claims that the idea of a claim to an ancestral land is out-of-date when the majority of the population now thinks on a financial level. Nonetheless, he is ready to take the risk to participate in a continent-spanning horse race to give back his tribe's stolen lands to them, showing a great degree of loyalty for his tribe. Despite his open-mindedness, Sandman still treats the "white man" fundamentally as an enemy and sustains the idea that their society is governed by money. He ultimately sides with Funny Valentine, working to take the Corpse Parts to negotiate the necessary money to buy back his ancestors' lands. Disinterested in the corpse and the stakes at play, Sandman only considers it as a potential bargaining piece. When he confronts Johnny, Sandman also ultimately blames the white man's obsession for money as the reason of their current feud. Sandman shows a great deal of determination and confidence. During his first appearance, he notably jumps under a running horse to purposefully be kicked high in the air and escape pursuit. Learning about the Steel Ball Run race, Sandman also decides without hesitation to leave his tribe and home to cross the United States on foot alone, expressing great confidence in his skill. However, his sister also points out that he is also solitary and stubborn to a fault since childhood, making it difficult for others to understand him. Sandman also doesn't shy away from committing questionable actions and readily fight Johnny and Gyro with the intent of killing them. Sandman also shows a slightly honorable side. During the first stage, he gives some of his time to tip Pocoloco and help him climb a cliff and, after he wins the first place in the first stage due to a technicality, makes the effort to "repay" Gyro and warn him about an incoming storm. Finally, although he was ready to kill Johnny and Gyro, he is the only enemy to have taken the time to ask them for their Corpse Parts, even though he threatened them. Sandman is very close to his sister. She is the only person with whom he shares his personal opinions and his final thoughts are to her, hoping for her happiness. Sandman's Stand, In a Silent Way, lends solid, offensive substance to sounds of his creation. Sandman is a pre-eminent athlete, possessing fantastic skill and technique in running and gymnastics; able to run distances other racers consider sensible only by horse as well as rivaling a horse's speed, and quickly negotiate a range of natural geographies. Steven Steel explains that through sheer training, Sandman can make his heels only briefly touch the ground when he's running, meaning he can "recycle" the energy of his feet's impact on the ground into running, and at the same time preserving his legs from fatigue. When going down a slope or a cliff, Sandman can only hop on the relief several times in order to reduce the impact. This running style allows him to take shortcuts through natural obstacles horses can't cross. Sandman (although he goes by the name "Soundman" amongst his people) is the first character introduced in the series. He is a member of a Native American tribe who learned to read the "white man's" books. When the tribe discovers the books in his teepee, they hunt him down to scalp him. It is then that Sandman is revealed to have developed a special running technique that allows him to run long distances without having to rest. Sandman appears again on the Michigan lakeline, with a stand of his own. He works alongside Diego Brando and uses their combination to create dinosaurs that carry sound-effects. It is there that he fights with Johnny Joestar and Gyro Zeppeli. During the fight, Sandman seriously wounds Gyro, but becomes overconfident in thinking that he will kill Johnny, who uses his newfound Golden Rectangle technique to injure the overconfident Sandman, leading to his death.

Stand Name: In a Silent Way is the Stand of Sandman, featured in Steel Ball Run. In a Silent Way fights through indirect means such as planting sound hazards like traps or remotely piloting constructs. It never shows any form of combat ability. The nature and versatility of In a Silent Way's sound power enables Sandman to attack enemies from afar in various ways. As a result, it is subpar at close range, which proves fatal against a point-blank shot from Johnny Joestar. In a Silent Way's basic ability is to store sounds in objects or even people. By affecting an object with a characteristic action, like stabbing it, Sandman stores the corresponding sound in the object. If someone touches said object, the sound is released as a hazard characteristic of that same sound (e.g. "burning", "cutting", "stabbing") affecting the thing it has touched. For instance, if a cutting sound is stored inside a ladder, anyone or anything touching the ladder would be cut to pieces. It allows Sandman to ambush enemies with environmental hazards while hiding. If he needs to direct his attacks, Sandman can create and manipulate artificial constructs out of sounds and the environment. If he affects an object, he can mold it into either an independent creature on which the corresponding sound effect is engraved, or even three-dimensional sound effects similar in appearance to kana. Those constructs are able to move around and, with the right form, can fly to a target to attack them. Unlike the sound storage, sound constructs can selectively affect the object they touch, and like sound make the hazard either go through objects to affect a chosen target directly, bounce against obstacles, or create a constructive interference with several sounds to strengthen the attack. Depending on the material, the sound attacks can be dampened or enhanced. A "fire" sound going through mud will be weakened, and it is said that water is the best medium through which he can send sounds. To defend himself, Sandman can swing his knife, materializing the "whoosh" sound the knife makes and create a shield that deflects projectiles. In conjunction with Diego Brando's Scary Monsters, constructs can even be turned into dinosaurs that track targets while charged with destructive sound.

Stand User: Alessi is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. This cowardly assassin is one of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods and attempts to assassinate Polnareff in Luxor as Mariah battles Joseph and Avdol. His Stand is Sethan, a rejuvenating shadow. Alessi is a sadistic yet cowardly man who will only fight those who are weaker than him. He takes extreme pleasure in taunting and humiliating his opponents before finishing them off, and will exploit any underhanded method to gain an unfair advantage. Despite this cowardice, he has an odd sense of pride in his work and will go out of his way to take revenge on those who humiliate him, even if it leaves him vulnerable. The mercenary takes odd leaps of "logic" to rationalize his sadism and creepiness, which he seems to acknowledge and deny at the same time (employing what could be considered doublethink), claiming that "people who always say that they are weird aren't actually weird... So I'm not weird." His Stand Sethan is named after Set, the Egyptian God of Tornadoes and Storms. The fact that the Ancient Egyptians considered Set the embodiment of evil may have also played a role in the naming of the Stand of such a twisted and malicious personality. Alessi's Stand is Sethan, with which he is able to turn back the age of his targets. Alessi is hired by DIO to kill Jotaro Kujo and his friends. Alessi first appears bullying some children on the street, until he spots Polnareff alone. Sethan extends from Alessi like a shadow and catches Polnareff off guard, turning him and his Stand Silver Chariot into children. Alessi also turns a woman who became Polnareff's friend into a fetus, and he warns Polnareff that unless he is defeated quickly the woman will wither and die. In his younger state, Polnareff doesn't remember Jotaro or how to properly use his Stand and is nearly killed, but still manages to outsmart and wound Alessi, causing him to flee just as Jotaro steps in. The mercenary also manages to turn Jotaro into a child, confident in the fact Jotaro won't be able to summon his Stand in this state since he obtained it only recently. However, he is unaware that Jotaro was physically strong even as a child and so is caught off guard by several punches to the face and is knocked out cold. Alessi, upon waking up, finds his Stand power was deactivated, with teenager Jotaro and adult Polnareff standing triumphantly before him. He is then subjected to a combined barrage from Silver Chariot and Star Platinum and "punched into oblivion", not being capable of fighting anymore. Alessi is one of the bosses fought by the heroes during the game. Unlike in the original manga, Alessi works in concert with Oingo and Boingo to ambush the Joestars and their companions. The Oingo Boingo brothers lead the Joestar Group into a library (after taking Iggy and confiscating the group's equipment) in which the group scatters to search the different aisles until Jotaro and Polnareff find themselves alone. Alessi turns Joseph, Avdol and Kakyoin into children offscreen, forcing Jotaro and Polnareff to fight him in a two vs. one boss battle. Alessi plays the same role he did in the manga during Story Mode. He is an assassin hired by DIO to destroy Jotaro Kujo and his companions. Very little is offered in terms of his backstory, so his motivations and the potential reward for helping DIO are a mystery. During his storyline, he manages to defeat the protagonists, and he starts to believe that he is even more powerful than DIO himself. Alessi travels to DIO's mansion and kills Vanilla Ice and his vampire master. Alessi becomes the most powerful Stand Master in the world afterward and contemplates "who to torture next" in his ending. Alessi is characterized as a comic-relief character (such as Dan from the Street Fighter series) with his ridiculous animations and over the top attacks, but is, in fact, a powerful character. His active Stand possesses incredible range and can be extended even further by holding the Summon button down while calling it out. Its weakness, however: Alessi will not be able to attack aerially with it active since Sethan is a shadow, and cannot leave the ground. Alessi has two notable attacks, one of which uses his Stand Sethan to de-age his opponent. This is done by sending a 'wave' through Sethan while it is not Active, and reaching out and 'grabbing' with shadowy hands while Sethan is Active. His other attack allows Alessi to pull out his signature handgun and pelt his opponent with bullets from a distance, although it is aimed with a reticule that must be moved across the screen. Alessi is vulnerable during this time period. Alessi possesses three super techniques. The first causes him to dash forward a short distance and subject his opponent to a flurry of hits from Sethan, ending in them being de-aged. The second causes Sethan to rise from the ground vertically, (unblockable to opponents in the air) and repeatedly hit the foe until they are turned into the child. The final technique is the 'Tandem' mechanic of the game, which allows certain characters to pay one super gauge to attack and move much faster for a brief period of time. This can be combined with Alessi's other special or super techniques for devastating combos.

Stand Name: Sethan is the Stand of Alessi, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Sethan is bound to Alessi's shadow, taking its form but with a distinguished shape, the most prominent feature being its round head, a pointed crest, and large eyes. If the shadow is sideways, Sethan's cruel, jagged beak is revealed. Its design is based on the opening of the Tetsujin 28-go anime, as well as the Nazca geoglyphs. In the colored manga, Sethan's shadow is purple. In the anime, it is portrayed as black. Sethan has no personality of its own and only does what its user wills it to. Sethan represents the Egyptian God, Set, related to destruction and storms. Sethan is a weak Stand with almost no offensive options, relying on its esoteric power to make its opponent weaker than Alessi. However, this alone makes it a terrifying opponent to face. Because Sethan takes on the form of Alessi's shadow, it imitates and replicates everything he does and has. Because of this, any weapon Alessi holds is also held by Sethan, allowing it to attack the opponent with the shadow of the weapon. Moreover, the shadow can move independently from its possessor and even partially stick out of a surface to attack. Anyone standing in Alessi's shadow will age backward at a rapid speed. Polnareff, who touched it for a split second, ended up as an approximately 7 or 8-year-old child, while a woman in her twenties stood in it for ten seconds and was reverted back into a helpless fetus that, without the connection to her mother's womb, is bound to die within minutes. If a Stand user is de-aged to before they acquired their Stand like Jotaro, they will temporarily lose it. The mind of the target also ages backward, making them forget things they only knew as an adult (like names of friends or how to conjure a Stand). Stands also become younger in form, as Sethan also reverts the age of the spirit.

Stand User: Jolyne Cujoh is the protagonist of Stone Ocean and the sixth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Jolyne is the only female "JoJo" to date, and the daughter of Jotaro Kujo. Framed for a DUI murder, she is sent to Green Dolphin Street Prison, where she investigates and battles DIO's most trusted disciple, Father Enrico Pucci. Initially an ordinary girl, Jolyne quickly awakens her string-based Stand, Stone Free, during her time in jail. Jolyne is a young woman of above-average height and slim to athletic build. Bold-eyed, she wears her hair in two "layers": A dark base including two large buns atop her head and a short length going down her neck; above which, lightly dyed or bleached, she keeps a plait or braid that winds around both buns, joining in a short length at back, and bangs that frame her face. Like all other members of the Joestar family, Jolyne has a small star-shaped birthmark on the rear of her left shoulder, close to her neck; and has tattooed on top of her left forearm the image of butterfly wings superimposed with a downward-pointing dagger, which reappears on the chest of her outfits. Jolyne's depiction in Part 6 transitions slightly from a slimmer and smoother to a more dynamic and athletic build. Simultaneously, she works through a number of primarily dark outfits, characterized by a spiderweb-like print. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. In the one-shot, Jolyne makes an appearance with a number of different outfits. She mainly wears a white linen peacoat with an elaborate flower motif with a matching scarf. Underneath the jacket, Jolyne wears a dress which also changes for no reason, the first version being black with the same flower motif, the second being a white gown. Jolyne also wears in order: a three-piece pink suit with spiked platform sandals and an elaborate necklace, a simple yellow dress with elaborate flower and fruit decorations on the shoulder area, and a brown dress with a matching leather belt. In the one-shot, Jolyne's hair is consistently portrayed as green with blonde strands of hair. Flighty, abrupt, and snappy with her elders, Jolyne in her teenage years was easily considered a delinquent and lost cause. Bitter at Jotaro for being absent from her life, she tried multiple times to catch her father's attention by committing multiple minor crimes and went to jail several times for them. Because of her father's absence, Jolyne was said to be dependent on the affection and approval of those around her, and she was ready to cover Romeo's accident, resulting in her being sentenced to 15 years in prison for it. After acquiring her Stand and being told by Jotaro of his love for her, Jolyne noticeably matures, becoming more courageous and confident. "Reviving" Jotaro, who fell into a coma due to Whitesnake stealing his Stand and memory, turns into her first priority. Jolyne retains her confrontational attitude throughout the story. A former delinquent living in a maximum security prison, Jolyne had to toughen up and can be especially rude. Her rare interactions with villains are either surly taunts or death threats, knowing how despicable most of them are. She also advocates aggressively asserting herself, especially in the prison, and once told F.F. to violently confront an inmate who cut in the queue for buying their lunch. Jolyne is particularly violent in her fights; she's used the cutting ability of her string to gruesomely wound her opponents, severing ears and nails for instance. Jolyne also has a vindictive side and repays tenfold any wrong committed against her, notably indirectly cutting Romeo's tongue for betraying her, moreover, Jolyne still holds a little grudge against Gwess, her first enemy and wants nothing to do with her despite the latter's effort to behave in front of Jolyne. Jolyne possesses a fierce determination, carrying her through several battles and inspiring her companions. After learning of DIO's plan, Jolyne took pride in her lineage and opted to continue Jotaro's effort to seal the menace DIO left behind him. Jolyne stoically endures the hardships she faces and carry on her goal, disregarding the suffering and possible risks. Her determination is so great that she was willing to lose a limb or even her life to defeat her enemy and save her comrades, an inclination especially prevalent in her that culminated in her sacrifice to get Emporio away from Pucci. Even still, Jolyne once expressed her doubts about being able to stop Pucci after Weather Report's death and the priest's second escape. Common in her lineage, Jolyne has honorable morals and treasures her family and friends. She would selflessly do everything in her power to help her companions and random victimized people, once helping a fellow mistreated prisoner to take back stolen money from her tormentors. Jolyne is willing to believe in the good in people, which resulted in a share of betrayals, but also earned her F.F. 's friendship. Jolyne is especially sweet to Emporio, her real first ally in Green Dolphin Street, and despite being an enemy, she didn't want to kill the Green Baby. Jolyne's primary motivation for investigating Whitesnake was her love for her father, and Pucci exploited that affection to escape her the first time. Outside of combat, Jolyne behaves like an average young woman, if not a teenage girl, hanging out with her friends and occupying herself the best she can in the prison, as she is also fun-loving. Jolyne notably played ball with F.F. and Ermes, and made herself a navel ring while in isolation. Unlike her father, Jolyne is rather extrovert and easily expresses her feelings to others. She is a sociable woman and can converse with her fellow prisoners easily, asking for explanations about the ins and outs of Green Dolphin Street. Jolyne is notable for being somewhat libertine, being the first and only JoJo to admit to masturbating, and offhandedly commenting that snails' ability to copulate with anything makes her slightly jealous. Jolyne also mentions her need to urinate in the middle of a fight with another person, a man at that. She is horribly embarrassed to talk about it in public and being caught in the act by a guard flustered and mortified her deeply. Araki created Jolyne with the hopes of "making up" for his previous (and in his eyes, failed) attempt at a female protagonist. Aside from offering an interesting contrast to most shonen comics, he thinks she is a "real woman" sorely lacking in the medium. The role reversal between her and her father was devised for her character to go beyond the typical archetypes found in Japanese fiction. Stone Free grants Jolyne the ability to unravel parts of her body into a string. This makes it a very versatile Stand, enabling her to listen in on communications as well as escape and hide by unraveling parts of herself into string. When she assembles the string, Jolyne can properly materialize Stone Free, partially or entirely. Stone Free is a humanoid Stand which has comparable physical prowess to the strongest Stands, with A's in Destructive power, Durability, and Developmental potential. Unlike the rest of her family, Jolyne has awakened her Stand from being cut by an amulet (later to be revealed a Stand-creating stone arrowhead in disguise) given to her by her father. True to any other Joestar, Jolyne is particularly adept at using whatever presents itself to her advantage, among others the environment and the enemy's power. Jolyne's quick thinking has allowed her to prevail against enemies. Jolyne combines her tactics with a high level of recklessness, often endangering herself to surprise enemies with an unanticipated move. The particular nature of her power nonetheless assures that she can shrug off some of the damage ordinary Stand users cannot risk in a fight. Jolyne's intelligence is intuitive to a degree, as she often shrugs off some of her moves as dumb luck, although it is a valid interpretation of her actions. Jolyne Cujoh is the protagonist of Stone Ocean and the sixth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Jolyne Cujoh Jolyne is the only female "JoJo" to date, and the daughter of Jotaro Kujo. Framed for a DUI murder, she is sent to Green Dolphin Street Prison, where she investigates and battles DIO's most trusted disciple, Father Enrico Pucci. Initially an ordinary girl, Jolyne quickly awakens her string-based Stand, Stone Free, during her time in jail. In the one-shot, Jolyne makes an appearance with a number of different outfits. She mainly wears a white linen peacoat with an elaborate flower motif with a matching scarf. Underneath the jacket, Jolyne wears a dress which also changes for no reason, the first version being black with the same flower motif, the second being a white gown. Jolyne also wears in order: a three-piece pink suit with spiked platform sandals and an elaborate necklace, a simple yellow dress with elaborate flower and fruit decorations on the shoulder area, and a brown dress with a matching leather belt. In the one-shot, Jolyne's hair is consistently portrayed as green with blonde strands of hair. Flighty, abrupt, and snappy with her elders, Jolyne in her teenage years was easily considered a delinquent and lost cause. Bitter at Jotaro for being absent from her life, she tried multiple times to catch her father's attention by committing multiple minor crimes and went to jail several times for them. Because of her father's absence, Jolyne was said to be dependent on the affection and approval of those around her, and she was ready to cover Romeo's accident, resulting in her being sentenced to 15 years in prison for it. After acquiring her Stand and being told by Jotaro of his love for her, Jolyne noticeably matures, becoming more courageous and confident. "Reviving" Jotaro, who fell into a coma due to Whitesnake stealing his Stand and memory, turns into her first priority. Jolyne retains her confrontational attitude throughout the story. A former delinquent living in a maximum security prison, Jolyne had to toughen up and can be especially rude. Her rare interactions with villains are either surly taunts or death threats, knowing how despicable most of them are. She also advocates aggressively asserting herself, especially in the prison, and once told F.F. to violently confront an inmate who cut in the queue for buying their lunch. Jolyne is particularly violent in her fights; she's used the cutting ability of her string to gruesomely wound her opponents, severing ears and nails for instance. Jolyne also has a vindictive side and repays tenfold any wrong committed against her, notably indirectly cutting Romeo's tongue for betraying her, moreover, Jolyne still holds a little grudge against Gwess, her first enemy and wants nothing to do with her despite the latter's effort to behave in front of Jolyne. Jolyne possesses a fierce determination, carrying her through several battles and inspiring her companions. After learning of DIO's plan, Jolyne took pride in her lineage and opted to continue Jotaro's effort to seal the menace DIO left behind him. Jolyne stoically endures the hardships she faces and carry on her goal, disregarding the suffering and possible risks. Her determination is so great that she was willing to lose a limb or even her life to defeat her enemy and save her comrades, an inclination especially prevalent in her that culminated in her sacrifice to get Emporio away from Pucci. Even still, Jolyne once expressed her doubts about being able to stop Pucci after Weather Report's death and the priest's second escape. Common in her lineage, Jolyne has honorable morals and treasures her family and friends. She would selflessly do everything in her power to help her companions and random victimized people, once helping a fellow mistreated prisoner to take back stolen money from her tormentors. Jolyne is willing to believe in the good in people, which resulted in a share of betrayals, but also earned her F.F. 's friendship. Jolyne is especially sweet to Emporio, her real first ally in Green Dolphin Street, and despite being an enemy, she didn't want to kill the Green Baby. Jolyne's primary motivation for investigating Whitesnake was her love for her father, and Pucci exploited that affection to escape her the first time. Outside of combat, Jolyne behaves like an average young woman, if not a teenage girl, hanging out with her friends and occupying herself the best she can in the prison, as she is also fun-loving. Jolyne notably played ball with F.F. and Ermes, and made herself a navel ring while in isolation. Unlike her father, Jolyne is rather extrovert and easily expresses her feelings to others. She is a sociable woman and can converse with her fellow prisoners easily, asking for explanations about the ins and outs of Green Dolphin Street. Jolyne is notable for being somewhat libertine, being the first and only JoJo to admit to masturbating, and offhandedly commenting that snails' ability to copulate with anything makes her slightly jealous. Jolyne also mentions her need to urinate in the middle of a fight with another person, a man at that. She is horribly embarrassed to talk about it in public and being caught in the act by a guard flustered and mortified her deeply. Araki created Jolyne with the hopes of "making up" for his previous (and in his eyes, failed) attempt at a female protagonist. Aside from offering an interesting contrast to most shonen comics, he thinks she is a "real woman" sorely lacking in the medium. The role reversal between her and her father was devised for her character to go beyond the typical archetypes found in Japanese fiction. Stone Free grants Jolyne the ability to unravel parts of her body into a string. This makes it a very versatile Stand, enabling her to listen in on communications as well as escape and hide by unraveling parts of herself into string. Stone Free When she assembles the string, Jolyne can properly materialize Stone Free, partially or entirely. Stone Free is a humanoid Stand which has comparable physical prowess to the strongest Stands, with A's in Destructive power, Durability, and Developmental potential. Unlike the rest of her family, Jolyne has awakened her Stand from being cut by an amulet (later to be revealed a Stand-creating stone arrowhead in disguise) given to her by her father. True to any other Joestar, Jolyne is particularly adept at using whatever presents itself to her advantage, among others the environment and the enemy's power. Jolyne's quick thinking has allowed her to prevail against enemies. Jolyne combines her tactics with a high level of recklessness, often endangering herself to surprise enemies with an unanticipated move. The particular nature of her power nonetheless assures that she can shrug off some of the damage ordinary Stand users cannot risk in a fight. Jolyne's intelligence is intuitive to a degree, as she often shrugs off some of her moves as dumb luck, although it is a valid interpretation of her actions.

Stand Name: Stone Free is the Stand of Jolyne Cujoh, featured in Stone Ocean. Stone Free is a unique close-range Stand that can not only be summoned to fight, but also provides Jolyne with integrated abilities. Like her father's Star Platinum, Jolyne's Stone Free is both powerful and fast, making it great for fighting physically. Moreover, its string power gives it great versatility that allows Jolyne a wide array of actions in combat. When Stone Free's string is completely wound or compacted, it is very strong; the destructive force of its punch roughly equivalent to that exerted by a small, extremely fast meteor. It is also fast enough to deflect several bullets aimed at it. Stone Free enables Jolyne to unravel her body into string, typically beginning with her hands, and freely manipulate it. Stone Free's string is invisible to non-Stand Users but it is portrayed inconsistently. It is also sharp as it can slice through flesh when pulled violently enough. On the other hand, the string is not particularly strong and may snap if strained too much, although Jolyne can create a stronger rope out of several strings. With enough precision, the string can pickpocket small objects that way. The string can contract and expand like muscles, allowing Stone Free to control the grip a string has. If Jolyne gathers the string and meshes it, she can concentrate her power and form Stone Free's humanoid appearance, who may fight in her stead, but Stone Free's range is shortened to around 2 meters. Stone Free, composed of strings, can naturally be unraveled too. Jolyne may unravel around 70% of her body harmlessly, as well as quickly rewind. It notably allows her to be supernaturally flexible and be able to hide in cramped spaces like someone's mouth. At harm to herself, Jolyne may also cut her string for a further variety of applications. Stone Free's maximum range, unraveled to 70%, is about 24 meters, as long as the string's length. Stone Free's string manipulation makes it exceptionally versatile in battle. With the string, Jolyne is able to:

Stand User: Antonio "Tonio" Trussardi is a minor character featured in Diamond is Unbreakable; as well as in an installment of Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan. Tonio is a professional chef of Italian origins working in an Italian restaurant named Trattoria Trussardi, at the edge of the town of Morioh. He is also a Stand User who uses his Pearl Jam to enhance his cooking. Tonio Trussardi is a benevolent chef whose goal is to make people happy with his cooking. As a chef, Tonio is very dedicated to his craft and his ambition is to serve and cure people of their ailments, showing a benevolent and caring personality. In Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan, Tonio also confesses that he came to Morioh to cure his girlfriend Virginia. Although he was trained a a chef, he made extensive work to research the human body, studied alternative medicine, and looked for rare ingredients that are especially healthy. As a result, he can easily diagnoze his clients and creates the best dishes to cure them of their ailments. Tonio also works as his restaurant's waiter and displays a charismatic and courteous personality. It allows him to convince even reluctant clients to try out his dishes. As a chef, Tonio is rightfully furious when a client intrudes upon his kitchen as they bring bacterias from outside. His usual smile turns into a raging grin and while he doesn't turn violent, he still forces the intruder to clean up his kitchen as a punishment. Tonio's Stand is Pearl Jam, a swarm of vegetable-like creatures that infuse themselves into Tonio's dishes, and increase the healing potency of the dishes to supernatural levels. Cooking: Tonio is a pre-eminent chef specialized in Italian cuisine. He is able to create delicious dishes using the highest grade ingredients. Tonio also mentions having studied several undisclosed foreign gastronomy. Cooking: Esoteric knowledge: Tonio Trussardi has studied many miscellaneous esoteric healing techniques such as palm-reading to diagnosticate ailments. He also mentions having studied Chinese medicinal art, Amazonian medicine, and researched various African healing herbs. It helps him selecting obscure ingredients for his dishes. Esoteric knowledge: Tonio originates from Naples. Tonio did extensive studies in cuisines all around the world and is extremely proud and confident in the skills he accumulated. Some of these studies include Chinese medicinal arts, Amazonian medicine, and African herbs (as stated in chapter 303: Let's go Eat Italian Part I). During his travels around the world he developed his Stand Pearl Jam, allowing for a much better cooking ability, but no one in his country, Italy, recognized his new ability. Due to being too young he couldn't open his own restaurant there, so he traveled to Morioh where the competition between restaurants is more intense and his chances were bigger. Okuyasu Nijimura and Josuke Higashikata found Tonio's restaurant in Morioh and decided to visit it. Tonio presents himself to be different from other chefs, as he doesn't have a menu and the food he prepares is decided by himself after examining his customer's hands to determine what their ailments are. He examines Okuyasu, determining that Okuyasu had constipation, stiff shoulders, had only 4 hours of sleep and athlete's foot, and serves him food to make him feel better, but Josuke grows suspicious of him after several weird incidents with Okuyasu after eating the food. Okuyasu's eyes water uncontrollably after drinking African mineral water but afterwards, Okuyasu feels re-energized, as if he had just had a full 10 hours sleep. His shoulder begins to ache and Okuyasu ends up rubbing enough dirt and dead skin off of his shoulder to make a softball out of them after eating a cheese and tomato dish but afterwards, his arms feel much better and he can stretch in a far more agile fashion. After eating a spicy pasta dish named "Spaghetti Alla Puttanesca",  two of Okuyasu's teeth cavities are violently ejected and new teeth grow in their place. Josuke becomes incredibly suspicious and discovers miniature organisms in the food, determining them to be Tonio's Stand, Pearl Jam. Josuke investigates the kitchen and finds the main dish, lamb and applesauce, on a nearby countertop, as well as Tonio himself feeding the same dish to a small dog. Said dog's intestines are violently expelled from its body and the same fate befalls Okuyasu when he runs into the kitchen and eats the dish hungrily, his intestines bursting from his stomach. Tonio notices Josuke and becomes incredibly violent and angry, throwing a knife at Josuke and thrusting a bar of soap into Josuke's face, demanding he follow proper kitchen hygiene and berating him for entering the kitchen without permission. Amazingly, Okuyasu's stomach feels far better, his constipation cured, and the dog who also ate the same dish is also fully healed, much to Tonio's joy. Tonio clears up the misunderstanding by stating that his only goal was to make good food that could make everyone feel better. He discovered his Stand whilst training in his culinary style, but since his hometown of Naples did not accept his style and he was too young to legally be allowed to start his own restaurant by Italian law, he moved to Japan, to the town of Morioh where, while competition was harsh, the opportunities were rife. Though the misunderstanding is cleared up and Tonio is revealed to ultimately be a good person with an unorthodox Stand, Tonio still forces Josuke to clean the kitchen from top to bottom whilst he prepares Okuyasu's pudding dessert to cure his athlete's foot. He later appears among the Stand users warned by Josuke about Yoshikage Kira after Shigekiyo Yangu's death. He promises to keep an eye on his costumers. His final appearance is at the end of Part 4 where he, along with the other heroes, bid farewell to the spirit of Reimi Sugimoto. Tonio's full name is actually Antonio Volpe, Massimo Volpe 's older brother. He was disowned by his father, who was trapped by antiquated ideals of class, leaving his brother to inherit everything. Due to this, he starts using his mother's maiden name-Trussardi-, and travels the world, looking for a place to establish himself. Tonio became sick and the reputation of his food and restaurant seems to have gone away. Tonio used his food to heal Chiho Futaba's cold and Takuma Hasumi's stiff neck. Several years later, Rohan goes to Tonio's restaurant and is cured of his sleepy eyes. In return, Tonio asks Rohan to assist him in seeking out "Disk Abalone", a Morioh-exclusive fish located in the "Leopard Spotted Rocks" coastline. Though uneasy of the legality of this at first, Rohan agrees to join him out of self-interest. Later that night, Rohan and Tonio travel to the outer rocks and discover a swarm of abalone in the water. Rohan notes that the property belonged to the Higashikata's, which is why fishermen cannot legally sell the fish. Tonio reveals that his true intent for obtaining the abalones was to cure his lover's tumor, an illness that even his Pearl Jam was unable to fix. The two swim into the water and begin collecting a few by hand, though after awhile Tonio suddenly disappears, much to Rohan's surprise. He discovers that the Abalones had the tendency to cling onto objects and were slowly drowning both him and Tonio. Rohan eventually saves them by using Heaven's Door to make a nearby octopus attack the swarm. Later, Rohan, Koichi, Okuyasu, and Josuke are seen dining on octopus in Trattoria Trussardi. Tonio is seen in the kitchen with his lover, Virginia, who is fully recovered thanks to Tonio's new abalone dish.

Stand Name: Pearl Jam is the Stand of Tonio Trussardi, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. When uncovered by Josuke with his stand Crazy Diamond, they appear to express surprise, along with vocalizations like "meshaa!"/"meshii!" and "gii! ". Although shocking to witness, Pearl Jam is an entirely beneficial Stand centered around cooking and curing illnesses, and is exclusively used as part of Tonio's restaurant service. Pearl Jam has the ability to cure ailments through the ingestion of a specific dish. The limits of this ability are unknown, though it can heal incurable illnesses provided the right ingredients are involved. After Tonio diagnoses specific ailments through palm reading, he prepares a high-class dish and in the process infuses Pearl Jam in it. It is ambiguous whether Pearl Jam influences the eater's perception of the dish or not between Okuyasu Nijimura's overenthusiastic reactions to each dish and Tonio's inherent skill as cook. However anyone who has tasted a dish of his acknowledged that it was delicious. Once inside the body, Pearl Jam uses the nutrient contained in the meal and the curative properties of the ingredients to cure whatever ailment is targeted by triggering physiological processes such as tear excretion or tooth growth of unnatural intensity or speed, or forcibly ejecting whatever organ is ill while replacing them. In a more extreme case, Pearl Jam opened Okuyasu's belly up in order to eject his intestines affected by diarrhea. The customer's body then comes back to normal as if nothing had happened, but with the ailment now completely cured. It is notable that a specific dish is compatible with a specific ailment, meaning the eater may be served a dish they are unwilling to eat (for instance Okuyasu detests spicy food but is given pasta made with peppers) and inversely an incompatible eater won't be cured (Josuke doesn't react to the still water of the restaurant). The quality of the food and ingredients also affects how quickly and how strong the healing ability of his Stand is: the greater the ailment, the more expensive and high quality the ingredients have to be. In a spin-off, Tonio illegally harvests particularly high-class abalones in the hopes that the ingredient cures his lover, Virginia's cancer, something he couldn't cure with ordinary ingredients. However, once he fed her a dish made with the expensive rare abalone with Pearl Jam's abilities, she was fully healed.

Stand User: An unnamed assassin, the impostor Captain Tennille is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. This assassin is sent by DIO who fights the Joestar Group in the middle of the ocean on their way to Egypt. He is a Stand User and wields Dark Blue Moon. The impostor appears to be very patient, as he originally planned to separate the protagonists and kill them one by one. Once his schemes are spoiled by Jotaro Kujo, he does not lose his calm, saying that it will be no problem for him to kill them all at once from underwater. He also enjoys guessing what his enemies are thinking. He also seems to be fond of the ocean, being rude towards Jotaro after seeing he was smoking and asking if he was going to throw the ashes and the cigar in the water (although this clashes with the fact that he disposed of the real Captain Tennille's body by throwing it into the ocean). The impostor's Stand is Dark Blue Moon; a considerably independent humanoid Stand of great advantage in water. The impostor's lung capacity surpasses the human average by three times, and through practice, he can stay underwater for more than six minutes without breathing. The impostor is one of the Tarot Card representatives sent by Enya the Hag to kill the Joestar group. Seeing that the Joestar group decided to travel by sea after the attack of Gray Fly and how the captain of the ship looks just like him, he decides to kill the captain and take his place. He throws the captain into the ocean and boards the ship with everyone else, no one noticing that he isn't the real Tennille. He plans to kill the group one by one while inside the ship. The impostor appears on a boat that Jotaro Kujo and company have taken to go from Hong Kong to Singapore. After Jotaro and Anne are attacked in the water by a mysterious creature, Jotaro has become suspicious of the crew members and believes one of them may be a Stand user. Although Joseph Joestar insists that the Speedwagon Foundation had checked his credentials, Jotaro decides to find out if he is the culprit anyway by playing a bluff on him: he says that breathing even a minimal quantity of smoke causes a big vein to appear on the nose of a Stand user. The impostor Captain Tennille immediately falls for it, and reveals his true identity and that he had killed the real Captain Tennille earlier in Hong Kong Harbour. He tries to take Anne hostage, but before he manages to do so he is stopped by Star Platinum. The impostor, however, drags Jotaro underwater with his Stand Dark Blue Moon, where his Stand can fight at full power. He traps Jotaro into a vortex, attempting to slash him with Dark Blue Moon's razor scales. He even manages to create some sort of little Cirripede-Stands that drain energy from his opponents' Stands. Finally, by exploiting Star Platinum's ability to stretch his index and middle fingers, Jotaro stabs the enemy Stand and rips half of his head, defeating him, but in a last ditch effort, the impostor Captain Tennille blows up the ship, leaving the protagonists to meet their next Stand encounter, Strength. Tennille, however, is left to die in the sea. The events from Dark Blue Moon occur on some different ways from the original story, as the impostor Captain Tennille uses his Stand to attack the party within a water trap found in a building. Also, Anne is completely removed from the game, resulting in the impostor Captain Tennille not using her as a hostage to attack the team. Unlike the previous game, the events from Dark Blue Moon appear on the game with nothing removed. It appears as a "quick time event" mini-game in Super Story mode, where the player must dodge all the attacks from the impostor Captain Tennille's Stand. The mini-game can be replayed on Gallery Mode (Oingo and Boingo's book).

Stand Name: Dark Blue Moon is the Stand of Impostor Captain Tennille, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Dark Blue Moon represents the Tarot Card The Moon, which symbolizes trouble in water, lies, betrayal, and fear of the unknown. Dark Blue Moon is a marine Stand, and, as such, his skills are more effective in an aquatic environment. It is probably less effective in a terrestrial environment, but this is unknown. Dark Blue Moon has a high enough range that it was able to attack Jotaro without the user even being in the water. Its user has stated that it swims faster than any fish in the sea, a trait proved to be true when Dark Blue Moon manages to create a giant whirlpool by simply spinning its webbed feet fast enough. Its Stand User also has an incredible lung capacity, being able to hold his breath for up to a personal record of six minutes and twelve seconds, which helps the Stand to maintain a battle, even if the user is thrown into the water. Dark Blue Moon's hands are strong and sharp in water, making them effective weapons. Because of their sharpness, they are strong enough to destroy a still-running engine propeller and slice a shark in two with ease. Dark Blue Moon can also use its scales as projectiles, throwing them against the enemy. Dark Blue Moon is capable of creating barnacles, specifically acorn barnacles, as seen when they attach to Star Platinum soon after making contact with Dark Blue Moon's skin. The barnacles drain the target of its strength and also allow Dark Blue Moon slight control over the infected body parts, allowing it to drag its foes back into the water if they try to escape.

Stand User: Sugar Mountain is a minor, neutral character featured in Steel Ball Run. An older woman with the appearance of a young girl, she is trapped by and made the current guardian to a Large Tree possessing a Stand of the same name. Large Tree Her real age roughly 66, Sugar Mountain has made a home inside the Tree, in which she passes time role-playing with dolls, in the manner of a young child. Johnny deduces that she is sight impaired, noticing the mark of a cane around her abode. Otherwise, she is conscious of her history, her role as captive and guardian to the Tree, and the nature of its Stand. She holds Johnny and Gyro in high regard for their ability to escape the Tree's ability. She encounters Gyro and Johnny while they search for the ears and right Arm of the Saint's Corpse after she steals one of Gyro's Steel Balls. After a brief introduction, Gyro attempts to search for it in her Tree. She asks the pair a series of questions, offering in an exchange not only Gyro's Ball, but money, a piece of gold ore and a few gemstones. A sort of game emerges to Gyro's understanding. When he severs the ears of the rabbit Johnny caught earlier and drops it into the spring by the Tree, Sugar Mountain produces the Ears of the Corpse, to her surprise. At some point before departing her, Gyro also drops the rabbit's (right) arm, retrieving the Corpse's Right Arm. As per the rules of the Tree's Stand, Sugar Mountain; Johnny and Gyro are obligated to use or spend everything they gained in their exchange with her before sunset, under threat of the both of them joining the the Tree's collection of inanimate human "fruits". When they succeed, Sugar Mountain, along with her parents, is released from the Tree.

Stand Name: Sugar Mountain is the Stand of a large tree, featured in Steel Ball Run. The Stand attaches itself to the great tree and functions as a trial for those who discover the tree and its current guardian. Although seemingly easy to pass, the test becomes more difficult as it goes on and will push a person's will to its limits. The tree appoints one of the victims to fail its second trial as its guardian, charging them with interacting with passing people and giving them full disclosure about the tests. The individual's appearance is preserved despite the passing time, thus Sugar Mountain, a female of the same name, retains her youthful appearance despite being the tree's guardian for many years (around 50). When several people fail the test, they become one with the tree; a limited number of persons can be absorbed, and when one is absorbed, the first in line is released and becomes the guardian. The Stand affects a large area around the tree and activates when a person drops an object in one of the ponds and springs nearby. A guardian (i.e. Sugar Mountain) then presents said dropped object to the person, along with several much more valuable objects, asking what it is they dropped in the water. For instance, Sugar Mountain asked whether Gyro dropped a Steel Ball, a diamond or a great gold nugget into the water. If a person succumbs to their greed and lies, the tree punishes the offender: several vines will embed themselves into the person's tongue and then pull their innards out. If a person tells the truth, they can keep the valuable object along with the original. The trial is very straightforward and someone can even obtain the corpse part the tree is guarding easily by dropping animal body parts into the ponds and answering truthfully. If the person chooses to end it and leave with the riches, the second part of the test begins. Before sunset, the person who has obtained riches through the first trial must "use them up". If they fail, they are absorbed into the bark and must wait in line until they become the guardians of the tree. Through lawful exchanges such as trades agreed between parties, selling the riches, or losing them in a gamble, the person must get rid of everything they obtained, even the money given in exchange for the riches. To Johnny's dismay, even the Corpse Parts needed to be traded away. Giving away the riches, throwing them away, having them stolen or losing them because of cheating counts as not rightfully using them and thus the tree will begin to absorb the offender until they get back the lost item. The trial may be surprisingly hard to complete. If one accumulates too many riches, the administrative ordeal of trading great sums of money, the mistrust of potential traders, or the threat of being stolen from can make someone lose time and fail the test.

Stand User: Shigekiyo Yangu is a side character in Diamond is Unbreakable; featured centrally in "Shigechi's" Harvest and Yoshikage Kira Wants to Live Quietly. Shigechi Introduced as a kid using his Stand, Harvest, to collect money throughout the town, Shigechi befriends Josuke Higashikata and Okuyasu Nijimura. However, he is soon killed by Yoshikage Kira, prompting Josuke Higashikata and his friend's search for the murderer. Shigechi initially comes off as naive or unintelligent, with little thought for the creative use of his powers beyond gathering lost change. He also appears socially inept, being overjoyed at the thought of having friends in Josuke and Okuyasu and giving them, without a second thought, a share of the spoils he acquired through Harvest, if too much money isn't concerned Shigechi is always friendly. Shigechi also held strong familial loyalty, carrying a picture of his mother wherever he went and when facing Kira, he struggled to escape so he could protect his parents from such a menace. Shigechi tends to act quite politely in front of adults, notably deeply apologizing to Kira for almost colliding with him. On the other hand, Shigechi's greediness and possessiveness get the better of him. He couldn't bear the thought of sharing the five million yen he, Josuke and Okuyasu acquired through the lottery with them, and stole the check from them, threatening to kill both if they approached. After his eventual reconciliation, he possessiveness still extends to being unwilling to give money to his friends, but lending it; moreover, he was very possessive of his lunch, dropping his polite demeanor for a more confrontational one when he thought Kira was the one to have stolen it. He also had a habit of helping himself with the teachers' coffee and tea stash in order to have free drinks. He is also fairly arrogant about his abilities, and when squaring off with Josuke and Okuyasu he claimed his Stand was invincible. He made the same mistake with Kira and faced off against him despite not knowing at the time what Kira's Stand powers were, which proved to be his ultimate downfall. Shigechi's Stand is Harvest, represented by a swarm of diminutive figures of considerable collective power, able to efficiently scan areas for objects set for them to find and/or retrieve. Shigechi, a second-year student at Budôgaoka middle school, was first seen after Josuke followed some of the units of his Stand during a coin collecting spree in fear of finding a potential enemy Stand user. At first, Josuke and Okuyasu believed him to be a complete idiot by his strange demonstration of generosity to share the wealth he had just accumulated by Harvest, though Josuke insisted on not taking advantage of his naivete, but instead work together with Shigechi and then equally share the spoils. Soon Josuke and Okuyasu's plan backfired as Shigechi turned on them, insulted at being called an idiot and selfishly not understanding that they deserved the equal share of the money they had all worked for together. This started a wild goose chase after him at which point Shigechi revealed that Harvest's advantage relies heavily on his numerous Stand units. Using multiple attacks from Harvest's men combined with dirty tactics, such as having Harvest inject alcohol directly into the bloodstream of Josuke and Okuyasu, Shigechi proved to be a tough opponent. After being subdued, Shigechi finally admitted that Josuke and Okuyasu were indeed deserving of one third each of the money they had gotten together. They then became friends at school. Later, due to an unfortunate coincidence, Shigechi unintentionally changes his lunch with the hand from a victim of Yoshikage Kira. Shigechi, accompanied by Josuke and Okuyasu asking him for money as well as having lunch with him, is unknowingly followed by Kira trying to retrieve his "girlfriend". Upon his success, however, Shigechi confronts Kira, believing the stranger to have stolen his lunch, only to find out about Kira's homicidal nature. The middle-schooler pays with his life for this knowledge before he was able to successfully get to Josuke for help. Having managed to leave the group a button from Kira's suit coat, Shigechi's soul is seen ascending by Reimi Sugimoto, and she warns the allied Stand users of his fate. Shigechi's abrupt death becomes one of the main reasons that Josuke and Okuyasu search for and confront Yoshikage Kira. Shigechi was the 2nd DLC character to be announced for the game. Despite being one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Shigechi cannot turn Harvest on/off, nor does he have access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game. In order to change movesets, Shigechi can switch between Offensive Formation and Defensive Formation, which dictates some of the skills he can use and changes Harvest's combat capabilities. Stand Rush Offensive Formation Defensive Formation While Harvest is in Offensive Formation: While Harvest is in Defensive Formation: Shigechi's HHA, "Now I'm real mad! ", has him send out a large wave of Harvests toward the opponent, sending them flying on impact. The HHA can hit a downed opponent, making it possible for it to be used twice in a row. It also automatically summons three Harvest units for use afterward. Notably enough, the large number of individual Harvests on-screen can potentially cause the game to lag. Now I'm real mad! Shigechi's GHA, "You want proof?! Here it is! ", has him send out a massive wave of Harvests toward the opponent. If they connect, the Harvests will cover the opponent from head to toe, forming a mound as the opponent cannot be seen past the Stand. Each one relentlessly punches into the opponent's skin before they all deliver an uppercut in unison, sending them flying backwards as the individual Harvests scatter (both GHA and HHA are similar to how he attacked Josuke and Okuyasu). The GHA automatically summons three Harvest units for use afterward. You want proof?! Here it is! Shigechi has some unique interactions when fighting Yoshikage Kira: Shigechi was confirmed for the game alongside Kira and Akira Otoishi. He is still voiced by Kappei Yamaguchi, despite having previously voiced Forever in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders. As a Stand User, Shigechi is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. His playstyle from All Star Battle, involving the use of Harvest to enhance or alter his abilities, returns. In the altered timeline, Shigechi survived his encounter with Kira and is seen hanging out with Josuke, Koichi, and Okuyasu at Cafe Deux Magots. He is paired with Caesar Anthonio Zeppeli in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Joseph Joestar and Dio Brando.

Stand Name: Harvest is the Stand of Shigekiyo Yangu, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Harvest speaks in a high pitch of limited phrases, including "Found it!" and the laugh "Hee hee!" autonomously. Their user can speak through them with complete sentences, however. Harvest is a long range colony Stand one can underestimate because of its and Shigechi's innocuous appearance, its basic power, and the petty way in which it is used to gather lost coins and other knickknacks across Morioh. However, the number of units coupled with their ability to still punch into the flesh means that Harvest can easily overwhelm even Josuke and Okuyasu, and Shigechi is imaginative in the way he uses his Stand, making it a force to be reckoned with in battle. Harvest possesses the following basic characteristics: In addition, Harvest possesses the following abilities: Harvest has an extremely large range, with its units being able to move through the entirety of a small city without any issue. Shigechi can command Harvest to sweep Morioh and collect a particular type of item light enough for Harvest to carry it then bring it back to Shigekiyo; the child typically gathers small coins but on Josuke's advice takes on harvesting store coupons which can bring more money. It has limited use in combat, but Shigechi is able to dismantle objects rapidly thanks to Harvest, enabling him to occasionally take advantage of the environment or create hiding spots rapidly. Each individual Harvest possesses a needle with which Shigechi can inject any liquid directly into his opponents' bloodstream, at one point intoxicating Josuke and Okuyasu by injecting alcohol inside them and crippling their fighting ability.

Stand User: Axl RO is a minor antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. An agent to President Valentine, Axl RO attacks Hot Pants, Gyro and Johnny with his Stand in Gettysburg, Pensylvania, summoning corporeal representations of figures from their pasts in order to steal the Saint's Corpse parts. He is a Stand User, powering his Civil War with guilt. Axl tells that as a soldier, given the opportunity to sacrifice his life for the sake of many of his company, he refrained. With his Stand ability, Axl is able and keen to abandon his sin and guilt. Axl's Stand is Civil War, constituting a system in which is he able to transfer or unload sin and guilt via the attacks of hostile, ghostly representations of people and objects he or his targets harbor as having wronged or unfairly discarded. During his youth, Axl RO wanted to be a musician but was drafted into the army in 1863, where he was stationed in a tree to be a lookout in a remote town. Having no one to talk to, and being completely alone, Axl resorted to alcohol to relieve his despair. His job had been to light the lamp in order to warn the soldiers nearby of an incoming enemy troop. However, he did not do so in fear that the enemy would find him in the tree and would have killed him. So, he silently sat there and finished his drink as the town was burned to ashes. The people of the town and the soldiers were massacred, and that marked the beginning of continued losses for Axl's side in the war. Ever since Axl has always been looking for ways to repent his sins, and when he obtained his Stand, he was hired by Funny Valentine to kill Johnny and Gyro. Johnny ended up shooting Axl, and after being killed, he mysteriously resurrected and claimed he was purified from his sins. Axl's sins were transferred to Johnny in the form of all the soldiers who died during that enemy attack long ago. Johnny was able to dodge the zombies by using his Stand power but was stabbed in the neck and killed by Axl. Having been killed, Johnny was revived and Axl's sins returned to him. Following this, Axl RO attempts to attack Johnny with an axe but is fatally shot by Funny Valentine in the neck. Axl then bleeds to death from his injuries, killing him for good. This section requires expansion. This section requires expansion

Stand Name: Civil War is the Stand of Axl RO, featured in Steel Ball Run. Civil War has a mocking, arrogant personality, telling Gyro to revive Hot Pants, it is unclear if this is Civil War's personality or directly spoken by it's user, Axl RO. Civil War is a Stand with esoteric powers which relies on its control over people's guilt to attack them. Otherwise it doesn't show any combat capability of its own. Civil War is restrained to the closed space of the garbage dump in which Axl RO ambushes the protagonists although specters can pursue target outside of the building. Civil War itself can avoid attacks by breaking apart into several pieces, and is shown to effectively nullify Gyro's Steel Ball attacks. Civil War's primary ability is to manifest objects or person a target has left behind, given up, or feels guilt toward. The manifestations of objects and people can appear suddenly from anywhere, for instance shadows or reflections in a mirror. These objects attach themselves to and move through the target's body, creating a thin membrane that slowly engulfs them and the specters of people and animal likewise attack the target and try to fuse with them. Although a specter may also transform into the membrane, it can also physically harm its target. The membrane then gradually shrinks until the target is crushed. However, the target may survive the process, as did Hot Pants, who reappeared alive and well after being flattened by the membrane. Once the target makes contact with the object, they instantly remember how and why they sacrificed it or feel guilt about it. Axl RO is also able to directly command the specters inside the garbage dump into ording to attack enemies or defend himself. The ability is very powerful and may result in the materialisation of a great number of abandoned items or a large group of specters if the target is exceptionally guilty. Civil War's weakness is water, which dissolves the membrane. Axl RO explains that dousing oneself with water is akin to cleansing oneself from their guilt and sin, hence the neutralization of Civil War's guilt powers. If Axl RO or anyone else inside Civil War's range is killed and their assailant feels the slightest guilt towards killing them, then the victim is brought back to life, and the guilt and sacrifices of the user manifest to attack the assailant. The victim comes back again as a fully sentient specter who can act, and their sins are all "absolved", as the murderer is transferred the burden of its victim's sins. Finally, the revived victim is invulnerable to the murderer's attack, as they persist because of the guilt their assailant feels. This ability is therefore easily exploitable by both Axl RO and any of his opponents. On the other hand, someone can simply mortally wound a victim and escape before the victim expires or simply feel no guilt in order to bypass Civil War's power.

Stand User: Pocoloco is a minor, neutral character appearing in Steel Ball Run. Pocoloco joins the Steel Ball Run race inspired by the news given him by a fortune-teller of his peaking luck. Through sheer luck, he becomes one of the fiercest competitors of the race. Pocoloco happens to be a Stand User, whose Hey Ya! exists to cheer him up. Pocoloco is cheerful and carefree. He is introduced in repose, counting clouds, before expressing his elation at the recent news of his peaking fortune, as told by a local fortune teller. His elderly co-worker perceives him as idle and naive. Pocoloco develops incredible faith in his luck, realizing it where acts that would have otherwise been unfortunate end up saving him and lending him improbable advantages during the race. Thus, he often makes expressions of amazement and joy, including variations of the exclamation "UH OH! ". Hey Ya! cheers Pocoloco on, taking full advantage of its user's absurd amount of luck. Pocoloco was born in Georgia in 1869. Three days prior to the starting day of the Steel Ball Run race, he went down to the city to gamble. After losing, he met a fortune teller who greatly resembles Enya the Hag. This fortune teller told him that he would be at the highest point in his life for two months, so Pocoloco decided to take advantage of his newfound luck and enter the race. Although he slept in on the morning of the race, he managed to catch up within a matter of minutes, due to the ground already having been pounded by the other racers. Manure was kicked up onto his face, making Pocoloco think that his luck had ran out, but a golden coin was inside the manure. Seconds later, a female racer wipes manure off her clothes in disgust, exposing her cleavage, and not long after, a wanted criminal wipes the manure off his face, unintentionally creating an impromptu beard that matches the wanted poster nearby. Pocoloco then follows a group of racers who were misled by Sandman to the edge of a ravine, but, believing in his luck, is undeterred and leaps across the ravine and onto the rock that Sandman was grabbing onto. Just as he is about to slip, Sandman advises him to use the rope at his waist to carry himself and his horse out of danger and Pocoloco is saved again. This shortcut enables Pocoloco to easily reach the head of the group, where he rides neck to neck with Johnny Joestar, taking time to call his riding "lazy". When Gyro Zeppeli decides to head into the forest to cut down on his riding distance, Pocoloco follows suit, confidently shutting his eyes and riding straight into the forest, believing that his luck will carry him all the way. Soon after Johnny passes him, however, Pocoloco is grazed by a tree branch, which forces him to open his eyes, gasp in fear at a large incoming branch and be slammed off his horse. Still, his luck remains strong, as Pocoloco is instead dragged by his horse, his left boot having been caught in its stirrup, and completely escapes the harm that the higher branches could have caused him. He is then bounced back onto the saddle by the trees that Gyro moved with his steel balls to clear a path and soon catches up to Gyro. Around the downhill dash segment of the first stage of the race, Pocoloco means to endure the slope and build up his energy. However, his Stand appears and criticizes his idealistic strategy, telling him to "remember the cow", have faith in his luck, and charge forward. Seeing the hand of his Stand sink into his own gives him confidence, and Pocoloco begins by taunting Gyro and charging forward in the downhill dash. However, soon after the downhill dash, he and his horse trip and tumble, though it is revealed that both had landed directly onto a dead cow's body and used it to slide downhill. It is mentioned in JoJolion that he was named winner of the Steel Ball Run race after the 2nd Diego Brando's death. Pocoloco finishes the race with a total of 398 points. Pocoloco appears as a random support character in Campaign Mode. He has an extremely low chance to appear after the player completes a fight; should he appear, he'll use his Stand, Hey Ya!, to share some of his luck with the player, restoring their energy gauge completely.

Stand Name: Hey Ya! is the Stand of Pocoloco, featured in Steel Ball Run. As part of its ability, Hey Ya! is an overtly positive and friendly character towards its user. While a bit demanding with its requests, it nonetheless means only wellness towards Pocoloco, not unlike a trainer. Its capacity for speech serves almost-exclusively to boost Pocoloco's mood and confidence. One of its keywords is "luck", telling its user that luck is on his side, whether or not it is actually true, in order to motivate him, something somewhat like the beliefs of Ken Oyanagi. Hey Ya! has no combat ability whatsoever and is seemingly functionally useless apart from boosting its user's confidence. Cheering: Hey Ya! is seen lurking about Pocoloco, whispering advice, motivating him to take advantage of his own luck. Despite the misconception that the Stand improves Pocoloco's luck, it doesn't do anything other than encourage its user and put them in a good mood. Cheering Despite all this, Pocoloco begins having a string of fortuitous circumstances happen to him when he follows Hey Ya! 's orders, through sheer coincidence. Hey Ya! 's motivation alone was powerful enough to drive Pocoloco to win the Steel Ball Run in the end.

Stand User: Dr. Wu Tomoki is an antagonist featured in JoJolion. Dr. Wu is an orthopedic surgeon and cosmetic dermatologist working at TG University Hospital, who has been seeing Mitsuba Higashikata for a series of ailments. Wu is a Stand user who uses his similarly named Stand, Doctor Wu, to break his body down into fine particles. Though not much is known about his personality, he appears to be polite and calm while working with patients. He is shown to temporarily derail conversations in order to indulge in an eccentric eating habit, which includes consuming excessive amounts of nori and silicon-infused water in short bursts. That being said, he seems to typically ask for permission from his patient before snacking. Wu claims that he has never experienced failure once in his entire life, citing very importent events such as exams as proof of his perfection. He even goes so far as to say that he's never failed at love, never approaching women if he senses that there might be anything wrong with them. Wu considers himself to be a righteous doctor who will heal anyone that comes to him, without fail. He treats the Rokakaka as a "public good" used to heal others, in contrast to those with more personal intentions like Josuke. As a consequence, he also considers that anything he does to heal his patients, however evil or vulgar it may be, will be forgiven. Wu is also very secretive about his involvement with a group of Rock Humans operating from the hospital. He goes to very extreme lengths to keep information from those who could potentially be a threat, disassembling and hiding an entire wheelchair and seemingly vanishing moments after treating a patient to avoid confrontation with Yasuho when she becomes suspicious of Mitsuba's presence at the hospital. Wu Tomoki's Stand Doctor Wu has the power to let him break his body up into its stony fragments at will and then use these fragments to enter people's bodies. Not only does his Rock Human physiology cause allergic reactions in his victims, but if his body fragments fuse with the victim's skeleton, he can gain partial control over their bodies. Wu Tomoki graduated from T.G. University's medical department and passed the national exam for medical practitioners before working at their hospital as a professional physician. He is unmarried and there is no records of him having any unpaid taxes. Dr. Wu Tomoki examines Mitsuba's right ear which she has complained she cannot hear out of as it feels like it's a rock. Despite finding her complaints to be true, he says she is perfectly healthy, until she says money is no object to cure her illness. He makes a phone call, and then offers a one-time only charge of 200 million yen to cure her. In between examining her, he eats his lunch, which comprises only nori and silicon-infused water. It is suggested that he has been treating her with the Rokakaka, causing a series of maladies where her body parts have been turning to stone. Yasuho Hirose investigates the security camera footage Josuke sent her using Paisley Park and suspects that he is one of the ambulance drivers involved in the death of Poor Tom. She is suspicious of his absence when Mitsuba leaves his office, when she discovers the wheelchair Mitsuba had been sitting in completely disassembled and stuffed into Dr. Wu's desk, before both are attacked by Wu's Stand and Yasuho is knocked unconscious. Having entered Mitsuba's body, she is temporarily controlled by Wu and drags Yasuho into his office. After regaining consciousness and teaming up with Mitsuba to find out what Wu is up to, Wu exits Mitsuba's body and begins to reform, fully displaying his Stand, Doctor Wu. The two women manage to escape from his office, and Wu pursues them, attacking both the two women and various bystanders in order to prevent them from reaching Josuke Higashikata and Rai Mamezuku. Upon Mitsuba's revealing that she is pregnant and the realization that her unborn child was exchanged in order to fix her legs, her Stand, Awaking III Leaves, reveals itself. Caught off-guard by Mitsuba's Stand suddenly appearing, Wu is momentarily trapped on the ceiling by Awaking III Leaves' ability. Mitsuba and Yasuho flee into an elevator, but Wu quickly catches up to them, assuring them that he never loses. Wu explains to Mitsuba and Yasuho that the Rokakaka is a "public good" and that using it cannot be "evil" if it is for the good of the public. He then goes on to state that the Rock Humans are not the evil ones, but that it is Yasuho and Josuke who are evil. He tells Mitsuba that she is perfectly healthy, and that the loss of her child was allowed because aborting fetuses in the 15th week of pregnancy is legal. Wu leaps at Mitsuba and attempts to invade her body again, but slams to the floor due to Mitsuba putting Awaking III Leaves' ability on the elevator, sending it upwards at an incredible speed. Mitsuba pulls out a roll of medical tape and traps Wu's disassembled body on the elevator floor. Wu attempts to attack her yet again, but is repeatedly stomped on by Mitsuba and Yasuho and taped to the floor even further. Mitsuba, enraged by both the possible loss of her child and Wu's disgusting attitude towards it, rolls up Wu's head in the medical tape into a ball and, ignoring Wu's desperate pleading for mercy, throws his head out the hospital window into the parking lot below. However, Wu returns to the laboratory through the sprinkler system and hides in the Rokakaka fruits. When Mitsuba eats one to heal her child, he takes control of her body and fights Yasuho, breaking open vials containing deadly diseases to further endanger her. However, Yasuho manages to purge him out of Mitsuba by using her arrows, and Josuke finally comes to finish off Wu, trapping his fragments inside bubbles mixed with medicinal cement. Unable to free himself, Wu drowns in the liquid and crumbles.

Stand Name: Doctor Wu is the Stand of Dr. Wu Tomoki, featured in JoJolion. Doctor Wu grants Tomoki a useful ability that makes him both elusive and dangerous, as the particles he turns into can bypass the defence of his foes and are difficult to attack. On the other hand, this same granular state limits his ability to act and makes him vulnerable to new objects, such as being stuck. Doctor Wu allows Wu Tomoki to break apart his body into small independently controlled stones, then reconstruct himself. The particles themselves have no power besides floating around with the wind. In this form, Dr. Wu can invade someone's body and take control of their movements, fusing with body parts such as bones, ligaments and tendons; however, it seems the ability to parasitize someone is tied to a particular rock acting as a beacon for the rest of the gravel and paralyzing its victim at the same time. His gravel form seems to induce an allergic reaction in those he attacks if inhaled, as he is essentially a foreign body. He can also add other substances to his gravel form, such as sleeping pills, which he uses to try to subdue Mitsuba Higashikata and Yasuho Hirose.

Stand User: Joseph Joestar is the main protagonist of Battle Tendency, a core ally in Stardust Crusaders, and a supporting character in Diamond is Unbreakable. As the grandson of Jonathan Joestar, he is the second to be named JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Joseph is a natural-born Ripple user and eventual Stand User, wielding the psychic photographic Stand, Hermit Purple. An exuberant trickster, Joseph meets the fantastic threats approaching him throughout his life with initiative and impressive ingenuity, battling Vampires, the Pillar Men, and malevolent Stand users. He is the second most recurring JoJo in the series after his grandson Jotaro Kujo and is one of its most well known characters. 18 years old, Joseph is tall (195 cm/6'5"), handsome, and powerfully built, with light eyes. He has short, dark and unkempt hair, parts of his bangs shooting outwards in spikes, apart from which he closely resembles his grandfather Jonathan Joestar. Joseph's primary outfit is relatively minimal and pragmatic. He wears a tank top cut above the navel, gloves studded at the knuckles, fitting pants with a leather belt, and knee-high leather boots. In Switzerland he dons a long, broad, striped scarf; and later, as a gift from Caesar, a long, thin headband patterned with a row of tessellated triangles. Initially he wears a white collared shirt with tie and suspenders, and a greatcoat chequered across the shoulders. Other articles include an aviator's hat (as motorcycle gear), a knit cap, and a breathing mask designed for Ripple training. After Kars cuts off his left hand, Joseph has it replaced with a mechanical prosthetic courtesy of the German, which can already convincingly mimic human movements. Later depictions of Joseph include the aviator hat and goggles, both of which were permanently added to differentiate him from Jonathan and compliment the overall "mechanical feel" brought about by the various planes and motorcycles present in Part 2. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Joseph retains most of his health and muscularity, though his face displays his age. His hair is short and gray, and he sports a thick, well-trimmed beard. During the group's journey to Egypt, he wears an outfit comparable to Indiana Jones' basic outfit: a fedora; a light, short-sleeved, buttonless shirt; khaki pants; dress shoes; and white gloves with dark wristbands concealing his prosthetic left hand (a result of his fight with Kars). At his introduction he also wears a trenchcoat and a turtleneck sweater. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. At age 79, Joseph suffers from senility, having deterred from longevity through Ripple due to lack of motivation. While his stature is still apparent, he is hunched over and uses a cane. He wears a diminutive pair of pince-nez spectacles, and a spotted, brimmed woolen hat with ear flaps reminiscent of a ushanka. He wears a thick trench coat, a collared shirt and tie, and baggy pants. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. In Battle Tendency, Joseph is a hotheaded, impetuous, and confrontational young man. Quick to violently respond to the slightest provocation, Joseph would often get into brawls growing up; prior to events of the story, he had been imprisoned seven times and expelled once from school for fighting. Having no respect for authority save of his grandmother's, and later Lisa Lisa's, Joseph has antagonised policemen and mafiosi alike. Furthermore, Joseph is a foul-mouthed individual and regularly taunts his enemies, enjoying aggravating them. He notably taunted Kars when he launched him into space, claiming to have again planned everything from the beginning just to annoy him. Joseph is a playful man and prefers fooling around over having any responsibility. By his own admission, his most hated sentences are "hard work" and "work hard", and still had to be pushed to train his Ripple talent in spite of facing certain death if he didn't meet and fight Wamuu again. Joseph has a fairly goofy side and spends half of his fights enjoying having outsmarted his current enemy with incredibly zany schemes, which take his opponents by surprise by how silly his plans are at first sight. A show-off, Joseph likes being the center of attention and couldn't stand that his rival Caesar had a special technique. With his prestidigitation talent, Joseph mixed his boastful nature and his love of pranks into a dangerous tool in battle. At the beginning of his adventure, Joseph's one redeeming trait is his devotion to his family and friends. Joseph cares deeply for his grandmother Erina Joestar, and is deeply angered when a gangster has the nerve of mentioning Speedwagon's death before her, which upset her. Joseph also cares for his "Uncle Speedwagon", who he considers like a father and Speedwagon's disappearance pushed Joseph to go look for him in Mexico. Joseph also has a knack for befriending people. Despite having been stolen his wallet, Joseph quickly befriended Smokey Brown and couldn't tolerate discrimination against him. In the same way, Joseph befriended Caesar Zeppeli and Lisa Lisa even though they had difficult starts. Joseph even came to respect the Pillar Man Wamuu, and gave him a last salute as he died. Over the course of Part 2, although he never really lost his overall attitude, he did develop into a strong, focused hero. In accord with his dismissal of any kind of discipline, Joseph believes that anything is fair in a fight as long as one isn't needlessly cruel. This results in him being a cheat and once earned him a scolding when he tried to climb the Hell Climb Pillar using a rope instead of with the Ripple as intended. Joseph possess a peculiar sense of honour, acknowledging Esidisi's underhanded moves as somewhat noble, since he did them for his fellow Pillar Men. However, when Kars backstabbed Lisa Lisa, Joseph was furious since he sullied the memory of his companion Wamuu. Thus it could be said that Joseph values kinship dearly. Joseph is something of a flirt. He regularly comments on women's voluptuousness and was bold in his flirting with his future wife Suzi Q. Joseph's antagonistic behavior toward Caesar may have been out of jealousy that he could seduce girls so easily. Not knowing that Lisa Lisa was his mother, Joseph enjoyed peeping on her and when she practically revealed herself as his mother, Joseph was more concerned by her actual age. It is revealed in flashbacks that Joseph collects comics and was a fan of Superman when he was young. He becomes a fan of Rohan Kishibe's works when he is much older. In Stardust Crusaders, Joseph has considerably mellowed out, having lost much of his aggression and laziness. Still irascible toward Japanese in general, due to a Japanese man marrying with his beloved daughter Holy, Joseph is otherwise nice to his grandson and Noriaki Kakyoin. His penchant for befriending people is still present, notably with the appearance of his new friend Muhammad Avdol, and his tendency to approach the locals first and communicate with them, overall being the one to deal business with them. For instance he takes it upon himself to order food in Hong Kong, gladly approaches an Indian barman to try sugar cane juice, tries to salute a hotel owner in Pakistan as well as order shishkebab in Karachi. Joseph is much more responsible than in Battle Tendency, being more proactive in his quest to Egypt, and also sometimes reminding his younger companions of their goals when they are distracted. Years of peace and the appearance of the much stranger Stands means that Joseph lost some of his talents at outsmarting enemies, and is often the victim of the Stands he encounters. However, Joseph hasn't lost all of his skills and is capable of outsmarting enemies, having successfully cheated against Telence D'Arby, and figuring out The World time stop's limits. Upon his "death", Joseph gave one final advice to Jotaro, saying that he had much fun during their journey. Joseph's goofy side is also still present, and Joseph's somewhat frequent failures at blending with the local culture and his struggle at battling Stands are a constant source of humor. Moreover, his boastful nature leads him to occasional goofs, such as misreading Chinese so much he orders dishes completely different from what he figured, or pretending to know how to ride camels only to ridicule himself. At the end of the saga, he demonstrates again his love for pranks, briefly making Jotaro believe that he was DIO resurrected upon being saved via a transfusion. In Diamond is Unbreakable, his advancing age has weakened his mind and he appears to have become somewhat senile. Joseph is now a pacified and even weak-willed man, even sadly accepting Josuke's demand that he not interact with Josuke's mother. Despite this, Joseph is still a well-meaning old man who is willing to risk his life for others and is nice enough to offer some counsel to Yukako about her crush. Living in Morioh seems to have done him good, and at the end of the part, Joseph is more lively and happier, expressing confidence in the youth of Morioh at protecting the small town. Joseph inherited the Ripple and its capabilities from his grandfather, Jonathan Joestar, as well as his mother, Lisa Lisa. In addition, he uses techniques commonly present in stage magic to confuse his foes. After his Ripple training, Joseph frequently combines his Ripple with other objects to perform complex and creative attacks. Later in Part 3, he shows that he is able to pass the Ripple through his Stand, Hermit Purple. However, as he grew older, due to neglecting his Ripple training, he became unable to do the same things he was capable of when he was younger and ended up aging at a relatively normal pace. During his battle with the Pillar Men, Joseph had demonstrated several techniques similar to his grandfather's. In order to come up with a special attack, Joseph invented a fighting style that involved infusing the Ripple into a pair of normal American Clackers. Once infused, the Clackers become a lethal weapon, as the user is able to rip through an opponent's skin using them, and from there the Ripple can enter the body, thus inflicting massive damage. Because of their shape and aerodynamic design, someone who is trained in the Clackers' use is able to easily maneuver them around their body, even having the ability to make them seemingly disappear by hiding them behind their back. Other than his Clackers, Joseph has used a number of other weapons and tools in conjunction with the Ripple and his strategic wit. Joseph's Stand, Hermit Purple, manifests itself as a tangle of thorny vines, which Joseph can wield as both a weapon and a hazardous defense. Furthermore, it has been shown to conduct the Ripple, which makes Hermit Purple one of the more effective Stands against those weak to it such as Vampires. Joseph develops the Stand after DIO pierces Jonathan's body with the Arrow, upon which it responded to DIO and Enya awakening The World. One of its special abilities (shared with The World) is to use cameras, televisions and other things to perform a form of fortune telling referred to as spirit photography. When introduced, it was demonstrated that he had to smash an expensive Polaroid camera to do this, and the camera would dispense a picture of DIO. Later on he is seen using televisions for this ability without having to damage them. The Hermit card of the Tarot primarily gives a meaning of solitude, introspective, or soul-searching, which could symbolize Joseph's lifelong journey. It also carries a more direct meaning of teaching or advising, which is Joseph's main role in Part 3 on the subject of Stands. Joseph is quite adept at using his Stand, although he does so imperfectly. Joseph notably understands how versatile Hermit Purple's ability is and that it can be used on cameras, TV sets, and even dust to divine information. However during Stardust Crusaders, Joseph brutally breaks cameras to obtain spirit photographies whereas it is demonstrated that a simple tap will grant the same results. Joseph also manages to exploit the vine-like nature of his Stand to its fullest, using it as a controllable rope to swing from place to place or tie enemies up. By combining it to the Ripple, Joseph also made Hermit an effective but limited defense against DIO. Joseph is an exceptionally agile fighter, performing acrobatics on a regular basis. Being quite athletic, Joseph distinguishes himself through feats of agility, in contrast to his grandfather Jonathan Joestar who performed feats of strength. He can for instance perform an aerial cartwheel when Esidisi grips his fist to escape the lock (all the while setting up a string to slice his arm), has performed impressive jumps, for instance pole vaulting into Wamuu's chariot to escape being crushed or a somersault while sliding underneath a layer of oil, and has managed to perform corde lisse tricks against Kars. As he aged, Joseph's skills in that regard became less relevant, although he was still in shape and could still swing across rooftops with Hermit Purple. Joseph Joestar's mind is his deadliest and most valuable asset. Joseph's favorite strategy is to psych out his opponents. To do so, he notably predicts what his enemies will say next or more commonly provokes them to unnerve them and make them predictable in their move. Joseph is incredibly proficient in analyzing the personalities of those he faces and guessing information about them by observing small details about them, then shamelessly exploits any character flaw they have in order to return whatever they will be doing next against them, most commonly their overconfidence. Of note are particular quirks such as Wamuu's pride as a warrior or Kars' obsession for the Red Stone of Aja. However, Joseph is unknowingly as susceptible to these tactics as his opponents, leading him to be psyched out himself by Esidisi. Having great prestidigitation skills, his goofy demeanor serving as the greatest distraction and facade he can rely on, Joseph is able to attack from unexpected angles or make critical moves under the guise of simple stupidity or ignorance; Joseph will often use one obvious strategy hiding another, more advanced one to fool and trap his opponents. Joseph is maybe the most proficient man in the series at using his environment to his advantage, the Ripple increasing the danger and combative capability of any item he gets his hands on. Among others, Joseph has used mirrors, glass shots, hair, a well, pasta, pigeons, wool hats, icicles, pebbles, and his own plane as tools and weapons to grasp the upper hand, each use having had applied efficiency and imagination. Joseph also keeps a number of tools handy just in case, concealing weapons on his person for when he expects danger. When cornered, Joseph can still rely on his particularly quick wits to come up with a viable solution in an near-instant. The most successful instance being Joseph using the Red Stone of Aja to amplify Ultimate Life Form Kars' Ripple Attack so as to cause a volcanic eruption and send him into space. Joseph's tendency to use so many tricks stems from his particular mindset. He considers that in combat, every move is fair-play with the exception of involving civilians and being needlessly cruel. Thus he isn't bound by any code and doesn't hesitate to flee, or cheat if the ends justify the means, as seen against the D'Arby brothers. The Joestar family's "secret technique". Usually utilized as a last resort, Joseph invented this move to use when battling the enemy seemed hopeless. In reality, it was actually used to stall time in order for Joseph to formulate a plan. It was also used by his grandson Jotaro later in the series during his fight against Rubber Soul. The secret technique consists of carefully and quickly retreating from the opponent, while keeping a close eye on surroundings for things to use to defeat or assist in defeating them. To the untrained eye, it looks like Joseph is simply running away like a coward, augmented by his panicked shouting when doing so. He will also use this technique to try to lure an enemy away from others. Joseph is a proficient pilot despite having crashed four times in his life. He is able to fly a large range of planes from a small Cessna to a Junker and once saved the lives of his companions and civilians by controlling the crash of the passenger airplane they were on. It is unknown when and where Joseph learned to pilot, though it is possible that he figured it out in the instances where he was forced to control an aircraft. Joseph Joestar is the main protagonist of Battle Tendency, a core ally in Stardust Crusaders, and a supporting character in Diamond is Unbreakable. As the grandson of Jonathan Joestar, he is the second to be named JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Joseph Joestar Joseph is a natural-born Ripple user and eventual Stand User, wielding the psychic photographic Stand, Hermit Purple. An exuberant trickster, Joseph meets the fantastic threats approaching him throughout his life with initiative and impressive ingenuity, battling Vampires, the Pillar Men, and malevolent Stand users. He is the second most recurring JoJo in the series after his grandson Jotaro Kujo and is one of its most well known characters. 18 years old, Joseph is tall (195 cm/6'5"), handsome, and powerfully built, with light eyes. He has short, dark and unkempt hair, parts of his bangs shooting outwards in spikes, apart from which he closely resembles his grandfather Jonathan Joestar. Joseph's primary outfit is relatively minimal and pragmatic. He wears a tank top cut above the navel, gloves studded at the knuckles, fitting pants with a leather belt, and knee-high leather boots. In Switzerland he dons a long, broad, striped scarf; and later, as a gift from Caesar, a long, thin headband patterned with a row of tessellated triangles. Initially he wears a white collared shirt with tie and suspenders, and a greatcoat chequered across the shoulders. Other articles include an aviator's hat (as motorcycle gear), a knit cap, and a breathing mask designed for Ripple training. After Kars cuts off his left hand, Joseph has it replaced with a mechanical prosthetic courtesy of the German, which can already convincingly mimic human movements. Later depictions of Joseph include the aviator hat and goggles, both of which were permanently added to differentiate him from Jonathan and compliment the overall "mechanical feel" brought about by the various planes and motorcycles present in Part 2. Joseph retains most of his health and muscularity, though his face displays his age. His hair is short and gray, and he sports a thick, well-trimmed beard. During the group's journey to Egypt, he wears an outfit comparable to Indiana Jones' basic outfit: a fedora; a light, short-sleeved, buttonless shirt; khaki pants; dress shoes; and white gloves with dark wristbands concealing his prosthetic left hand (a result of his fight with Kars). At his introduction he also wears a trenchcoat and a turtleneck sweater. At age 79, Joseph suffers from senility, having deterred from longevity through Ripple due to lack of motivation. While his stature is still apparent, he is hunched over and uses a cane. He wears a diminutive pair of pince-nez spectacles, and a spotted, brimmed woolen hat with ear flaps reminiscent of a ushanka. He wears a thick trench coat, a collared shirt and tie, and baggy pants. In Battle Tendency, Joseph is a hotheaded, impetuous, and confrontational young man. Quick to violently respond to the slightest provocation, Joseph would often get into brawls growing up; prior to events of the story, he had been imprisoned seven times and expelled once from school for fighting. Having no respect for authority save of his grandmother's, and later Lisa Lisa's, Joseph has antagonised policemen and mafiosi alike. Furthermore, Joseph is a foul-mouthed individual and regularly taunts his enemies, enjoying aggravating them. He notably taunted Kars when he launched him into space, claiming to have again planned everything from the beginning just to annoy him. Joseph is a playful man and prefers fooling around over having any responsibility. By his own admission, his most hated sentences are "hard work" and "work hard", and still had to be pushed to train his Ripple talent in spite of facing certain death if he didn't meet and fight Wamuu again. Joseph has a fairly goofy side and spends half of his fights enjoying having outsmarted his current enemy with incredibly zany schemes, which take his opponents by surprise by how silly his plans are at first sight. A show-off, Joseph likes being the center of attention and couldn't stand that his rival Caesar had a special technique. With his prestidigitation talent, Joseph mixed his boastful nature and his love of pranks into a dangerous tool in battle. At the beginning of his adventure, Joseph's one redeeming trait is his devotion to his family and friends. Joseph cares deeply for his grandmother Erina Joestar, and is deeply angered when a gangster has the nerve of mentioning Speedwagon's death before her, which upset her. Joseph also cares for his "Uncle Speedwagon", who he considers like a father and Speedwagon's disappearance pushed Joseph to go look for him in Mexico. Joseph also has a knack for befriending people. Despite having been stolen his wallet, Joseph quickly befriended Smokey Brown and couldn't tolerate discrimination against him. In the same way, Joseph befriended Caesar Zeppeli and Lisa Lisa even though they had difficult starts. Joseph even came to respect the Pillar Man Wamuu, and gave him a last salute as he died. Over the course of Part 2, although he never really lost his overall attitude, he did develop into a strong, focused hero. In accord with his dismissal of any kind of discipline, Joseph believes that anything is fair in a fight as long as one isn't needlessly cruel. This results in him being a cheat and once earned him a scolding when he tried to climb the Hell Climb Pillar using a rope instead of with the Ripple as intended. Joseph possess a peculiar sense of honour, acknowledging Esidisi's underhanded moves as somewhat noble, since he did them for his fellow Pillar Men. However, when Kars backstabbed Lisa Lisa, Joseph was furious since he sullied the memory of his companion Wamuu. Thus it could be said that Joseph values kinship dearly. Joseph is something of a flirt. He regularly comments on women's voluptuousness and was bold in his flirting with his future wife Suzi Q. Joseph's antagonistic behavior toward Caesar may have been out of jealousy that he could seduce girls so easily. Not knowing that Lisa Lisa was his mother, Joseph enjoyed peeping on her and when she practically revealed herself as his mother, Joseph was more concerned by her actual age. It is revealed in flashbacks that Joseph collects comics and was a fan of Superman when he was young. He becomes a fan of Rohan Kishibe's works when he is much older. In Stardust Crusaders, Joseph has considerably mellowed out, having lost much of his aggression and laziness. Still irascible toward Japanese in general, due to a Japanese man marrying with his beloved daughter Holy, Joseph is otherwise nice to his grandson and Noriaki Kakyoin. His penchant for befriending people is still present, notably with the appearance of his new friend Muhammad Avdol, and his tendency to approach the locals first and communicate with them, overall being the one to deal business with them. For instance he takes it upon himself to order food in Hong Kong, gladly approaches an Indian barman to try sugar cane juice, tries to salute a hotel owner in Pakistan as well as order shishkebab in Karachi. Joseph is much more responsible than in Battle Tendency, being more proactive in his quest to Egypt, and also sometimes reminding his younger companions of their goals when they are distracted. Years of peace and the appearance of the much stranger Stands means that Joseph lost some of his talents at outsmarting enemies, and is often the victim of the Stands he encounters. However, Joseph hasn't lost all of his skills and is capable of outsmarting enemies, having successfully cheated against Telence D'Arby, and figuring out The World time stop's limits. Upon his "death", Joseph gave one final advice to Jotaro, saying that he had much fun during their journey. Joseph's goofy side is also still present, and Joseph's somewhat frequent failures at blending with the local culture and his struggle at battling Stands are a constant source of humor. Moreover, his boastful nature leads him to occasional goofs, such as misreading Chinese so much he orders dishes completely different from what he figured, or pretending to know how to ride camels only to ridicule himself. At the end of the saga, he demonstrates again his love for pranks, briefly making Jotaro believe that he was DIO resurrected upon being saved via a transfusion. In Diamond is Unbreakable, his advancing age has weakened his mind and he appears to have become somewhat senile. Joseph is now a pacified and even weak-willed man, even sadly accepting Josuke's demand that he not interact with Josuke's mother. Despite this, Joseph is still a well-meaning old man who is willing to risk his life for others and is nice enough to offer some counsel to Yukako about her crush. Living in Morioh seems to have done him good, and at the end of the part, Joseph is more lively and happier, expressing confidence in the youth of Morioh at protecting the small town. Joseph inherited the Ripple and its capabilities from his grandfather, Jonathan Joestar, as well as his mother, Lisa Lisa. In addition, he uses techniques commonly present in stage magic to confuse his foes. After his Ripple training, Joseph frequently combines his Ripple with other objects to perform complex and creative attacks. Later in Part 3, he shows that he is able to pass the Ripple through his Stand, Hermit Purple. However, as he grew older, due to neglecting his Ripple training, he became unable to do the same things he was capable of when he was younger and ended up aging at a relatively normal pace. In order to come up with a special attack, Joseph invented a fighting style that involved infusing the Ripple into a pair of normal American Clackers. Once infused, the Clackers become a lethal weapon, as the user is able to rip through an opponent's skin using them, and from there the Ripple can enter the body, thus inflicting massive damage. Because of their shape and aerodynamic design, someone who is trained in the Clackers' use is able to easily maneuver them around their body, even having the ability to make them seemingly disappear by hiding them behind their back. Other than his Clackers, Joseph has used a number of other weapons and tools in conjunction with the Ripple and his strategic wit. Hermit Purple One of its special abilities (shared with The World) is to use cameras, televisions and other things to perform a form of fortune telling referred to as spirit photography. When introduced, it was demonstrated that he had to smash an expensive Polaroid camera to do this, and the camera would dispense a picture of DIO. Later on he is seen using televisions for this ability without having to damage them. Hermit Purple is also shown as being able to connect to electronics. Joseph can then check the electronics for tampering, or even control them (such as, he uses Hermit Purple on a TV, and can use it to change channels) The Hermit card of the Tarot primarily gives a meaning of solitude, introspective, or soul-searching, which could symbolize Joseph's lifelong journey. It also carries a more direct meaning of teaching or advising, which is Joseph's main role in Part 3 on the subject of Stands. Joseph is quite adept at using his Stand, although he does so imperfectly. Joseph notably understands how versatile Hermit Purple's ability is and that it can be used on cameras, TV sets, and even dust to divine information. However during Stardust Crusaders, Joseph brutally breaks cameras to obtain spirit photographies whereas it is demonstrated that a simple tap will grant the same results. Joseph also manages to exploit the vine-like nature of his Stand to its fullest, using it as a controllable rope to swing from place to place or tie enemies up. By combining it to the Ripple, Joseph also made Hermit an effective but limited defense against DIO. Joseph is an exceptionally agile fighter, performing acrobatics on a regular basis. Being quite athletic, Joseph distinguishes himself through feats of agility, in contrast to his grandfather Jonathan Joestar who performed feats of strength. He can for instance perform an aerial cartwheel when Esidisi grips his fist to escape the lock (all the while setting up a string to slice his arm), has performed impressive jumps, for instance pole vaulting into Wamuu's chariot to escape being crushed or a somersault while sliding underneath a layer of oil, and has managed to perform corde lisse tricks against Kars. As he aged, Joseph's skills in that regard became less relevant, although he was still in shape and could still swing across rooftops with Hermit Purple. Joseph Joestar's mind is his deadliest and most valuable asset. Joseph's favorite strategy is to psych out his opponents. To do so, he notably predicts what his enemies will say next or more commonly provokes them to unnerve them and make them predictable in their move. Joseph is incredibly proficient in analyzing the personalities of those he faces and guessing information about them by observing small details about them, then shamelessly exploits any character flaw they have in order to return whatever they will be doing next against them, most commonly their overconfidence. Of note are particular quirks such as Wamuu's pride as a warrior or Kars' obsession for the Red Stone of Aja. However, Joseph is unknowingly as susceptible to these tactics as his opponents, leading him to be psyched out himself by Esidisi. Having great prestidigitation skills, his goofy demeanor serving as the greatest distraction and facade he can rely on, Joseph is able to attack from unexpected angles or make critical moves under the guise of simple stupidity or ignorance; Joseph will often use one obvious strategy hiding another, more advanced one to fool and trap his opponents. Joseph is maybe the most proficient man in the series at using his environment to his advantage, the Ripple increasing the danger and combative capability of any item he gets his hands on. Among others, Joseph has used mirrors, glass shots, hair, a well, pasta, pigeons, wool hats, icicles, pebbles, and his own plane as tools and weapons to grasp the upper hand, each use having had applied efficiency and imagination. Joseph also keeps a number of tools handy just in case, concealing weapons on his person for when he expects danger. When cornered, Joseph can still rely on his particularly quick wits to come up with a viable solution in an near-instant. The most successful instance being Joseph using the Red Stone of Aja to amplify Ultimate Life Form Kars' Ripple Attack so as to cause a volcanic eruption and send him into space. Joseph's tendency to use so many tricks stems from his particular mindset. He considers that in combat, every move is fair-play with the exception of involving civilians and being needlessly cruel. Thus he isn't bound by any code and doesn't hesitate to flee, or cheat if the ends justify the means, as seen against the D'Arby brothers. The secret technique consists of carefully and quickly retreating from the opponent, while keeping a close eye on surroundings for things to use to defeat or assist in defeating them. To the untrained eye, it looks like Joseph is simply running away like a coward, augmented by his panicked shouting when doing so. He will also use this technique to try to lure an enemy away from others. Joseph is a proficient pilot despite having crashed four times in his life. He is able to fly a large range of planes from a small Cessna to a Junker and once saved the lives of his companions and civilians by controlling the crash of the passenger airplane they were on. It is unknown when and where Joseph learned to pilot, though it is possible that he figured it out in the instances where he was forced to control an aircraft.

Stand Name: Hermit Purple is the Stand of Joseph Joestar, featured in Stardust Crusaders, and occasionally in Diamond is Unbreakable. Hermit Purple's vines are relatively weak, but they provide Joseph with considerable divination ability, enabling him to divine and materialize any type of information, such as an image, a location or even thoughts. Joseph demonstrated that he can use the vines as ropes, whose movements he can control at will. Their length and resistance make it possible for Joseph to swing from place to place and tie someone. The vines have limited resistance as a sufficiently strong Stand or even a strong Vampire can break them. The vines are dexterous enough to manipulate a video game controller. Hermit Purple's main ability is to divine information. By using any object or material in conjunction with Hermit Purple, Joseph Joestar can display any information he wishes to see. To date, he has used Hermit Purple to: Joseph has shown the ability to transmit the Ripple through Hermit Purple as an extension of his body. Joseph has used this property of Hermit Purple to attack DIO or prevent him from touching him by wrapping himself in it.

Stand User: Dr. Ferdinand is a minor antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. A geologist by trade and also working as one of President Funny Valentine's henchmen, Dr. Ferdinand ambushes Johnny Joestar and Gyro Zeppeli alongside a transformed Diego Brando in the Rocky Mountains to take the Saint's Corpse's eyes from them. He is a Stand User and controls hordes of dinosaurs through his Scary Monsters. Dr. Ferdinand is a geologist and a paleontologist with a very flamboyant personality. For him, the most important thing in the world is respect; he has a great respect for the planet, to the point he'd get senselessly furious should he see somebody spitting on the ground or littering. He's convinced that Earth brings prosperity only to those who respect the soil and has come to believe that dinosaurs, the once undisputed rulers of the world, died because their small brains couldn't understand this basic ideal. respect Dr. Ferdinand is also the first Steel Ball Run antagonist to be truly devoted to Funny Valentine, and not just a mercenary. He tries to obtain the Saint's Corpse, as he believes the completed body would bring not only respect and prosperity to whoever obtains all the pieces, but true power and an eternal kingdom. He plans to recover them for the President, the only one who can actually exploit this power for the glory of a nation. Ferdinand uses Scary Monsters to turn Diego Brando into a dinosaur and have him affect an entire village. By directing orders to Diego, he is able to command an army of dinosaurs to do his bidding. Two years before the story, Ferdinand obtained his Stand while searching for the Devil's Palm. During the course of the third stage of the Steel Ball Run, Diego Brando is attacked and severely injured by an unknown enemy. He recovers rather quickly, however, and catches up with Gyro Zeppeli and Johnny Joestar. The three decide to spend the night in a small village on the rocky mountains. During the night, Diego attacks the protagonists, transformed into a dinosaur. Not only are his physical abilities enhanced, but he's also able to turn every living being he bites or scratches into a dinosaur as well, thus rapidly gathering a dinosaur army by transforming the village men and animals (including some mice). Gyro and Johnny attempt to escape, regardless of being easy detectable by the dinosaurs who can sense movement and can track the smell of their clothes, now wet because of a small dinosaur's urine. Unfortunately, they are infected by Diego as well, though Johnny is able to resist his power because of the corpse. They decide to recover the new corpse part in order to save Gyro from transforming as well, but Diego manages to stop them and recover the Saint's eyes. It is only then that Dr. Ferdinand shows up, revealing himself to be the real Stand user and stating that he attacked Dio and made him the leader of the group of dinosaurs. He talks to Johnny about respect and prosperity, berating him for littering and spitting on the ground. He is shown to believe that the Corpse will bring prosperity. He orders Diego to retrieve the left arm from Johnny, but the latter has briefly abandoned it, using his partial transformation into a dinosaur to jump at Dr Ferdinand. Johnny strikes him with his tail, recovering the Saint's eyes. Whilst being pinned down by dinosaurs, he passes the eyes to Gyro. Dr Ferdinand asks Dio to finish off Johnny, but they are both struck by a Steel Ball. Gyro has returned to his human form, with the Saint's eye. He also gains a new ability, thus allowing him to injure Dr. Ferdinand. After a skirmish, Ferdinand hides inside one of the dinosaurs he sends at Johnny and Gyro. He is quickly disabled, and Scary Monsters is neutralised. With Dr. Ferdinand's power inactive, the dinosaurs revert to their original forms, including some pumas: the mountain lions, angered, pounce on Dr. Ferdinand and devour him. Diego, now free of Ferdinand's control, manages to escape with the left eye of the Saint, along with Ferdinand's abilities.

Stand Name: Scary Monsters is the Stand of Dr. Ferdinand, featured in Steel Ball Run. Following Ferdinand's death, Diego Brando retains the transformation ability through the power of the Saint's Left Eye and, as a result, develops his own version of the Stand. Scary Monsters deploys the might and agility of the ancient dinosaurs in various ways, and can also take control of people through simple contact, making facing it a dangerous endeavor. Scary Monsters' main ability is to infect other living beings with a virus which transforms them into dinosaurs, but also allows the user to control them. The User needs only to touch a victim to begin the transformation, for instance, Diego grazing the horsehair of his Silver Bullet to transform the fleas into small dinosaurs. Likewise, the dinosaurs may infect others with the virus by biting or scratching them. However, should the user be severely injured, their power will disappear and all dinosaurs will revert to their original forms. The transformation is portrayed inconsistently, Diego's first transformation being gradual while subsequent ones are instantaneous. Scary Monsters seems to have no limits in terms of range or number of individuals infected, as it is able to transform a whole village of humans into a group of dinosaurs. It is also free to create any type of dinosaur, from raptors, to T-Rex, to much smaller dinosaurs. The original user, Dr. Ferdinand, would exploit his power to transform others, using them to either travel (by riding or hiding inside them) or fight for him. Diego typically uses this ability to create armies of miniature carnivorous hybrids out of birds, rats or fleas or turn his own horse into a dinosaur for support while he personally fights the enemy. Unlike Ferdinand, Diego is capable of changing his own body into a dinosaur, either completely or as a hybrid of the two. Being bound to Diego's body, Scary Monsters allows him to fight against other Stands and physically damage them with his bare hands. By partially transforming, Diego can use the enhanced senses and strengths of a dinosaur. He possesses increased stamina, strength, and speed, enough to compete with Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap. Moreover, transforming into a dinosaur grants him vision based on movement: the faster something moves, the better Diego can perceive it and thus the better he can avoid it. But as a result, he becomes vulnerable to slow attacks. During the race, Diego uses his sense to gauge his surroundings and deduce the optimal route for his horse. Introduced later in the story, Diego demonstrates the ability to alter beings transformed by his Stand into a hardened dormant state much like a fossil. The ability can be used a variety of ways, from fusing a being into a structure like a rock or a tree as a camouflage to shaping the fossilized being into something more creative like candle holders.

Stand User: Johngalli A is a minor but influential antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Johngalli A is a blind assassin directly responsible for framing Jolyne Cujoh and sending her to Green Dolphin Street Prison. He is one of DIO's last servants and ambushes Jolyne and Jotaro Kujo inside the prison. Johngalli A is a Stand User, and tries to snipe the Kujos with the help of his Manhattan Transfer. As a loyal follower of DIO, Johngalli A shares his plan with Enrico Pucci. However, Jotaro notes that Johngalli A. may have never met DIO in person despite his loyalty. Aiming to take revenge on the Joestar family, he participates in the plan to frame Jolyne Cujoh for murder and works towards killing her and Jotaro Kujo inside the prison. An ex-soldier, his sentence is 7 years, for murder. Johngalli A's Stand is Manhattan Transfer, adding to his sensitivity to the motion of air, and able to redirect his bullets as shot directly at it. Johngalli A is blind. However, he is an adept sniper. He disguises his rifle as a cane which he keeps on his person. Johngalli A is introduced as a forgotten follower of DIO who wants nothing more than the deaths of Jotaro, DIO's killer, and his daughter Jolyne. He terrorizes the two with his Stand, Manhattan Transfer; able to redirect bullets towards them as shot from a separate building in the prison. While the two avoid Johngalli A's onslaught, they are subjected to Whitesnake's illusion. While hypnotized, Johngalli A travels to the other building, disguised as a guard. As Jolyne and Jotaro awaken, they are attacked by him. He is stopped by Star Platinum as it stops time, but Jotaro is attacked by Whitesnake, having his discs taken. Johngalli A shoots at Jolyne as she tends to the collapsed Jotaro but the bullets are redirected away from Jolyne via Stone Free. Johngalli A realizes his miscalculation of focusing on Jotaro rather than Jolyne, as she defeats him. Later, Whitesnake shoots him in the head, before planting the gun on his body, so that others would deem the event a suicide.

Stand Name: Manhattan Transfer is the Stand of Johngalli A, featured in Stone Ocean. Manhattan Transfer is a Stand with no combat ability of its own. However its longe range and set of powers complete Johngalli A. 's sniping, enabling him to shoot his targets from afar, precisely, and through blind spots. Manhattan Transfer is able to read the air currents around it and react accordingly. The Stand can precisely sense the movements of the air around it, and transfer the information to Johngalli A. who can visualize what is happening around Manhattan Transfer with precision, guess the position of his targets and even have an idea of their general appearance. Manhattan Transfer floats along air currents moving erratically, but then is able to move whenever it senses an object moving towards it through air current. Its precision is such that it can effortlessly avoid many falling water drops. Because it is dependent on reading air current, it is possible to fool Johngalli A. into misreading the wind, as creating different layers of gases will result in the distortion of the air currents. Manhattan Transfer's primary ability is to change the direction of bullets shot by its user, allowing Johngalli A to change the trajectory of his bullets once and thus shoot around covers and blind spots. Although Johngalli needs to be able to shoot at Manhattan Transfer to redirect the bullets, his innate talent alleviates this weakness.

Stand User: Formaggio is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Formaggio is a member of La Squadra Esecuzioni who, after Team Bucciarati takes custody of the Boss's daughter, Trish Una, trails and battles Narancia during a supply mission in an attempt to discover her location. Formaggio is a Stand User and wields Little Feet. It can't be helped Like the other assassins, Formaggio shows almost no regard for human life and is quite sadistic in tormenting his enemies. For instance, he has no problem pitting a shrunken Narancia against a spider. Despite this, Formaggio also has some standards, expressing that he doesn't really want to see someone being eaten alive by a spider, and being horrified at Sorbet's gruesome death. Formaggio's Stand, Little Feet, is sneered at by the rest of his team, leading to Formaggio slightly resenting them for this. Formaggio possesses the Stand Little Feet, a humanoid Stand that allows him to shrink himself or other items and people. Like most gangs, Formaggio has his own group which consists of nine members. Two of his members, Sorbet and Gelato, specialize in assassination and begin to pursue the identity of their boss, which results in their murder. Infuriated, the remaining members of the group target the boss's daughter, hoping to extract information from her that would give them leads to the boss' identity. Formaggio first appears interrupting Narancia's shopping mission, before starting a fight. He rambles about a number of topics in order to catch Narancia off guard, before attacking him. After realizing that Narancia is a Stand user, he uses his own Stand's power to shrink himself and hide in Narancia's pocket. There, he waits for Narancia to shrink small enough to be easily attacked. When Narancia locates Formaggio using his Stand, Formaggio uses Little Feet to make a pen grow back to its normal size, launching him into the air and to safety. Escaping into a sewer, Formaggio tries to escape by holding onto a rat in order to evade Aerosmith's ability to track the carbon dioxide he exhales. However, Narancia notices that one of the rats is breathing harder than the rest and shoots at it, wounding Formaggio, although the injury is not fatal since Narancia himself is still shrinking. Formaggio returns to full size and, cornering Narancia, demands that he reveal Trish's location. When Narancia refuses, Formaggio, remembering the fate that befell Sorbet and Gelato, becomes angry and puts Narancia into a bottle in which he is keeping a spider. As Narancia fights the spider, Formaggio notices a map that Narancia had dropped earlier, which reveals Trish's location. Formaggio laughs and points out that Narancia has marked all the roads, so he only has to follow it in reverse. Narancia then reveals that he had shot a hole in the gas tank of a nearby car, and was waiting for it to catch fire. The car explodes, lighting Formaggio on fire, and Narancia returns to his regular size. Formaggio appears as the enemy faced in Chapter 4 where the player controls Narancia. During the fight, Formaggio will mostly run away and use his Stand, Little Feet, to make himself smaller as the player needs to track him (with Aerosmith's radar). Formaggio's main form of attack involves using Little Feet to hit the player. If he hits Narancia, the scene will change to a tiny Narancia in the middle of the street, with a giant Formaggio attempting to deal damage. During this period of time, a giant Formaggio will try to either stomp on the player if close enough or grab them and throw them on the floor, dealing a large amount of damage. All the player can do during this time is avoid Formaggio's attacks. Using Little Feet's ability, Formaggio can also throw objects at the player, such as sofas and chairs, by making them small and then big again. Formaggio himself is unplayable but can be playable with cheats.

Stand Name: Little Feet is the Stand of Formaggio, featured in Vento Aureo. With mediocre physical capability (except for its speed and durability) with an underwhelming power of slowly shrinking people, Little Feet is an overall weak Stand that even Formaggio's companions at La Squadra Esecuzioni sneer at. However, the assassin's adept manipulation of his power makes the most of it, and can even endanger a Stand user of Narancia's caliber. Little Feet can shrink any person or object by cutting them with its long and sharp index finger. The cut target will gradually shrink over time along with their clothes, any item they carry, and their possible Stand. The shrinking is gradual and slow, and Formaggio states it would take several minutes to reduce the normally 1.70m high Narancia to around 8 cm, and it occurs no matter how far away Little Feet is from the target. As the victim shrinks, so does their Stand's power to the point where they become harmless to Formaggio. If the victim abandons an item while shrinking, the Stand's effect on this item will cease. While Little Feet cannot speed up the shrinking, it can freely stop it or return a shrunken item to its normal size, in which case the reversal is instantaneous and violent, a pen returned to normal growing with enough force to impale Narancia's palm. Potentially, the target could continue to shrink until they are microscopic in size. Conversely, Little Feet can freely control Formaggio's and its own size; in addition, the shrinking and subsequent return to normal are instantaneous. It allows Formaggio to easily sneak around and evade attacks aimed at him, but he is obviously physically limited and very vulnerable when shrunken.

Stand User: Ermes Costello is a major ally featured in Stone Ocean. Ermes is a woman voluntarily imprisoned in Green Dolphin Street Prison in order to seek revenge for her sister Gloria Costello's killer, Sports Maxx, and soon allies herself with Jolyne Cujoh in the hostile environment that the jail is. Thanks to a certain pendant, Ermes acquires her own Stand, Kiss. Despite a tough exterior, Ermes is proud, loyal, and headstrong. She does not shy away from a fight and is willing to do just about anything to put herself in a better situation whether it is taking a bet that could risk her organs to even splitting her own body parts with her Stand ability despite knowing that they eventually have to be fused back, wounding her severely. Ermes shows a severe sense of resilience, as she was still on her feet and moving around even after Marilyn Manson took her liver and survived the shared experiences of suicide attempts from Thunder McQueen. She has a good sense of justice but violently punishes anybody who crosses her way. Ermes is a particularly rude woman. She speaks in a familiar tone, uses curse words frequently, and is quite violent, having a short temper leading to her frequently shouting in anger at people. Moreover, Ermes is also ready to commit violent acts, for instance wanting to kill Sports Maxx for killing her sister and being brutal when she fights others. Ermes' Stand is the humanoid Kiss, of good melee defense and attack, and the unique ability to duplicate objects on which she plants a removable sticker. Ermes is of at least partial Mexican descent through her immigrant father. She had lived her youth in the slums, her family managing a restaurant there. Though she had a father and a big sister named Gloria, 10 years older than her, there is no mention of her mother. Gloria would eventually inherit the restaurant at the age of 20 and would receive no assistance from her little sister. At the age of seventeen, Ermes had a strained relationship with Gloria, who wanted her to help at the restaurant. For her part, Ermes wanted a sports scholarship and to go to college. One night after another argument, Ermes ran off to the city. Unfortunately, Ermes was spotted running away by Sports Maxx, who had just killed someone. Sports Maxx was in turn caught red-handed by Gloria. In order to save Ermes, Gloria testified for Maxx' murder but was killed for it because of the police's negligence. Ermes lost her whole family and possessions. Due to lack of proof, Sports Maxx was sentenced for no more than five years of imprisonment, prompting Ermes to seek revenge by willingly and repeatedly committing armed robbery. By doing so, she was condemned to 8 years in Green Dolphin Street Prison, where Maxx was. She first met Jolyne Cujoh when they were held in momentary captivity next to each other. Annoyed by Jolyne constantly banging her head due to her humiliation earlier that day, Ermes yelled at her to pipe down. She was amazed to hear Jolyne confess her innocence to her crime and admired her honesty. On their way to Green Dolphin Street Prison, Ermes warned Jolyne to get her hands on cash, as bribery was the quickest way to escape a lot of the harshness of prison life. In return, Jolyne saved Ermes from a brutal beating using her newfound Stand, Stone Free. Although not cellmates, the two have remained somewhat close to each other ever since. While in prison, Ermes used money as a medium so when the janitor, Thunder McQueen, stole her money, she pursued him after being in the infirmary six times for a fever. Once she encountered the janitor, she learned that he was severely suicidal and due to his own Stand, Highway to Hell, she was forced to encounter similar experiences whenever he attempted it. While she saved him from the attempts on multiple occasions (even offering him her panties as a way to cheer him up), he still found means to kill himself but not before she split his skull using Kiss, resulting in McQueen being incapacitated and his Stand's hold on Ermes nullifying. She later volunteers as part of a search group with Jolyne and four others in order to find two lost inmates. In their search, they encounter Whitesnake's stash of isolated Stand Discs and Foo Fighters, who was designated to protect the Discs. After a hard-fought battle, F.F. was liberated of its duties and pledged allegiance to the two. The following days included an encounter with the gambler Miraschon who bet on a game of catch (that Jolyne and Foo Fighters couldn't relay the ball one hundred times). Ermes persuades Jolyne to agree to the bet (which she won) before Miraschon made another bet for more money. The new bet enticed Costello to not only agree but to put herself into the bet so she could get the thousand dollars. Ermes lost the bet and found herself at the mercy of Miraschon's Stand, Marilyn Manson, who took her gold tooth, money from her surgically-altered breasts, and her liver. Jolyne eventually wins the liver and money back from Miraschon. Ermes remained in intensive medical care after her battle with Sports Maxx and does not appear again until Jolyne escapes from prison. She was one of the final members in the last battle against Enrico Pucci and dies in the struggle. All of her comrades, including herself, were left floating in the sea as they rot from Pucci's accelerated time. After Emporio Alniño manages to defeat and kill Pucci, Ermes' alternate universe counterpart is seen being ejected from a bus for attempting to pay with a fifty-dollar bill. The counterpart feels infuriated and even wonders if the bus driver mistook her for an inmate of Green Dolphin St. Jail. She then meets Emporio and asks him for change for the bill. Afterward, she and Emporio meet Narciso Anasui's counterpart Annakiss and Jolyne's counterpart Irene, who invite them to ride with them in exchange for Ermes' money for gas. Ermes feels skeptical at first, as her older sister told her not to ride with strangers, but the coming rain forces her to give them the gas money and ride with the group. The group later picks up Weather Report's counterpart after refilling the car's gas tank. Ermes makes her video game debut in the PS3 title. She was confirmed for the game along with Jolyne, Part 4 Josuke, and Okuyasu. She's the only non-DLC ally character from Part 6. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Ermes can turn Kiss on/off, changing move sets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with her Stand. Stand Rush While Kiss is off: While Kiss is on: Ermes' HHA, "I know what you're after! ", is a counterattack, where she puts a sticker on herself and if hit, will kick the opponent away before Kiss delivers a massive counter combo. Ermes will take minor Sticker Damage whether or not the HHA is triggered by the opponent. The HHA's damage is increased if done while "Here's where ya stick it!" is in effect. I know what you're after! Ermes' GHA, "Eat this! And this! And--", starts with her taking out a sticker and lunging forward. If she lands the hit, she will slap said sticker on the opponent's head, causing it to duplicate as Kiss kicks the opponent multiple times. The Stand then switches to fists and rushes them repeatedly, gradually raising them into the air. Before allowing the opponent to fall, Ermes quickly snatches the sticker off and turns away, dealing damage as the opponent's head violently merges back into one (similar to how she killed Sports Maxx). Eat this! And this! And-- Alongside all playable members of Bruno Bucciarati's Gang of Part 5 (with the exception of Narancia Ghirga), Ermes is one of the only characters who activate Resolve Mode instead of the normal Rumble Mode when low on health. In this state, attacks that do not result in hard knockdowns or blow-backs no longer phase the character. Resolve Mode Ermes possesses one alternate costume, which is the outfit her alternate universe version wears. Ermes was confirmed as a playable character alongside Jolyne, Pucci, and Weather Report. As a Stand User, Ermes is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant her uniqueness in battle. She is paired with Robert E. O. Speedwagon in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Narancia Ghirga and Diego Brando.

Stand Name: Kiss is the Stand of Ermes Costello, featured in Stone Ocean. Kiss is a powerful close-range Stand who compensates its short range with its speed and physical strength, and its stickers whom Ermes uses cleverly, making it a good addition to Jolyne's team. Ermes receives this Stand after Gwess gives her Jolyne's amulet that she had picked up. She discovers it during her first medical care visit in prison after being pierced by the Arrow. Kiss is able to place lip-designed stickers on objects, causing them to rapidly produce an exact copy of the original. Ermes and Kiss are able to create distinctive square stickers out of their palms. If they put a sticker on an object, an exact copy of it emerges with the sticker either remaining on the copy or the original. There is no restriction on how far the copy can be taken away from the object. If Ermes places a sticker on someone, the corresponding limb, be it a finger, an arm or the head, will sprout out of the body like an additional body part. She is also free to use it on herself. When the sticker is removed or destroyed, the two objects spring toward each other and fuse back into one object with great force, causing a fissure and effectively damaging it. No matter the distance, the surrounding conditions like shifted gravity, or the weight attached to them, the two will always head toward each other, even broken parts of the copy will return to the original. It allows Ermes to create traps, or depending on the object, to move rapidly from one place to another, or even plainly damage someone from afar.

Stand User: Mitsuba Higashikata is a minor character featured in JoJolion. She is the wife of Jobin Higashikata and the mother of Tsurugi Higashikata. Mitsuba is a Stand User, and possesses the Stand Awaking III Leaves. Mitsuba Higashikata Mitsuba is a vain woman, caring a lot about her appearance and wanting to look perfect. She also demonstrates some petty selfishness, as she closes the door of an elevator before an old woman with crutches can enter just so she can have it to herself. However, it is also shown that she cares deeply for her children, willingly eating a Rokakaka to save her unborn child even if there is a risk of her dying. For the sake of her child, she also proves herself to be a fierce and resourceful fighter, brutally stomping Wu Tomoki when he gets in her way. Mitsuba's Stand, Awaking III Leaves, takes the appearance of a cloaked humanoid adorned with a multitude of arrow-shaped designs. Using her stand, she can manifest small hand-sized arrows that redirect energy and objects outwards towards their tips. Mitsuba is introduced as Jobin's wife by Norisuke Higashikata IV during Josuke's arrival at the Higashikata Household. She is seen carrying around her child, Tsurugi, and was present during the family photo. In her school days, Mitsuba was known as "Miss Cherry". She won a contest and got to travel to China and Europe for the fruit of Japan. She ended up meeting Jobin, and married into the Higashikata family. She then became a model for the Higashikata Fruit Company's ads. She had support from the whole family and her modeling helped with sales as well. Shortly after a fire has ravaged the Higashikata family's orchard, Mitsuba arrives at T.G. University Hospital to see her physician Dr. Wu Tomoki about her sudden loss of balance and hearing that morning, as she feels something wrong with her right ear. Dr. Wu examines the ear and hides from her the fact that it has turned to stone, and says it is simply a dry scalp due to allergies and it is nothing to worry about. Mitsuba demands that he treat her, as she has felt the skin and it feels like stone. She then mentions the pattern she has noticed since she came to him for a breast augmentation earlier, after which her teeth felt as if they turned into stone, making her drool uncontrollably and lose her sense of taste, forcing her to cover her mouth to avoid talking to people. After she came back to him to treat this malady, her hearing loss began soon after. She demands treatment, as she knows her young son will say something if he feels the skin is wrong. Dr. Wu makes a phone call, and then offers her one more treatment for 200 million yen. Unbeknownst to both of them, Yasuho Hirose has come to the hospital to treat her menstrual pain, and she spots Mitsuba being wheeled away in a wheelchair while her ankles have crumbled away down to the bone. Suspicious, Yasuho calls Josuke, who is already on the way to the hospital with Rai Mamezuku to investigate a possible Rock Human there, and he warns her to stay put. However, she tries to follow Mitsuba, only to find her completely healthy and no longer in the wheelchair. After telling Yasuho about her breast augmentation, and saying she originally met Jobin after she won a modelling contest for Morioh's Miss Cherry competition and becoming a model for the Higashikata Fruit Company, Yasuho asks what happened to the wheelchair she was in, but Mitsuba cannot remember one. Yasuho soon discovers the chair disassembled and stuffed in the office's desk drawer, while Mitsuba is overcome with a desire to drink Dr. Wu's silicon-infused water and nori. Yasuho tries to call Josuke to warn him of what she has found when she is attacked and knocked out by a stone fragment entering her ear. Mitsuba, not in control of her own body, drags Yasuho's body into the office and closes the door. Yasuho awakes and finds Mitsuba pinning her down, her body unusually heavy and covered in weird blisters, until Yasuho yells at her, which brings Mitsuba back to her senses. Yasuho asks Mitsuba if she has taken the Rokakaka, knowing it has been causing a series of equivalent exchanges in her, but Mitsuba cannot remember what has happened, as there is nothing physically wrong with her. Yasuho tries to find a way out, but after discovering her cellphone has been destroyed in the previous attack, finds herself attacked once more by stone fragments leaving Mitsuba's hands. Once Yasuho frees herself, she warns Mitsuba that they are under attack by a Rock Human who is only after the secrets of the Rokakaka, when Dr. Wu reconstitutes himself from the stone fragments and says he is in the organization for more than that, and asks that Mitsuba stay behind so he may continue his examination. Yasuho drags Mitsuba out of the office, who then asks what else could have caused the equivalent exchange, when she confides in Yasuho that she has been hiding a new pregnancy from her husband and son. As Yasuho realizes the horror of the situation, Mitsuba calls forth her Stand Awaking III Leaves and resolves to get to the bottom of what Dr. Wu has done to her. Mitsuba uses her power to redirect things through summoned arrows to create a safe zone and then propels herself to kick Wu into a wall then stick him to it. Going up to the gynecology department, Mitsuba and Yasuho expel the remainder of Wu's fragments but Mitsuba sees with horror that the child inside of her has been partially turned into stone. Wu reappears in the elevator, but using her Awaking III Leaves, she triples the acceleration of the elevator to send Wu on the ground, uses tape to stick his fragments and tosses them out of the hospital. Putting the foetus' fragments back inside her, she resolves to save it. Finally Mitsuba reaches the examination room and discovers with Yasuho a secret laboraty doubling as a garden for Rokakaka trees. Mitsuba eats one of them to save her child, but she doesn't realize that Wu has come back and hidden inside the fruits, infiltrating and controlling her body again. However, Yasuho manages to fight him back and Josuke arrives to finish Dr. Wu off. The Rokakaka she just ate has taken effect and she loses her nose. 6 days before the Harvest, Mitsuba goes to take Tsurugi from school. But then one of Tsurugi's comrade, who had teased him about Kaato being a child murderer, is crushed between iron gates. Tsurugi is the prime suspect, and though Mitsuba vehemently defends him, she has her doubts. Moreover, she notices on a video recording that the head doctor of TG University Hospital, Dr. Satoru Akefu, is standing near the gates. Later, she meets Jobin at her house, and her situation becomes more complex as she not only see Akefu again near the estate, but also catches a glimpse of the Rokakaka hidden behind cacti in Jobin's possession, causing him to suspect her.

Stand Name: Awaking III Leaves is the Stand of Mitsuba Higashikata, featured in JoJolion. Awaking III Leaves can manipulate vector space by spawning arrows that Mitsuba can place in different directions. It can move energy to where the arrows are pointing, allowing it to negate any foreign entities in the facility of the user, the inside of the user, or wherever the arrows are placed. When placed on a person, it will expel foreign objects from their body in the direction of where the larger arrow is facing. If multiple arrows are placed, energy would move the shortest route out of the space the arrows surround. Moreover, Mitsuba can multiply a force by stacking arrows in the same axis, for instance tripling the acceleration of an elevator by putting three consecutive arrows on its walls.

Stand User: Nena is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. She first appears in India alongside Hol Horse and tries to assassinate Joseph Joestar while passing as an ordinary woman. She is a Stand User who uses Empress. Nena is introduced as having a crush on Hol Horse to the point of wanting marriage. Not satisfied with her actual appearance, she hides her true form even from her allies and uses the good looks of her last victim to trick her opponents into thinking she's an innocent woman. Enya the Hag notes that her specialty is to slowly kill her victims. Nena is an obese, unsightly woman from an aristocratic family hired by DIO to intercept and kill the Joestar group. Nena used her Stand Empress to kill a beautiful young woman and wore her skin to hide her true form. She eventually falls in love with Hol Horse to the point of wanting to marry him. The two become allies and lovers, though Hol Horse takes advantage of her as she was willing to do anything for him. Nena is initially portrayed as an ally and lover of Hol Horse, an enemy of the protagonists, but is not shown to be a true enemy herself. She shows interest in marrying him but he denies her marriage offer claiming he is a traveler destined to die on the street and couldn't stay with her even though they loved each other. He later reveals to J. Geil that he is with her just because she could be useful in the future, sacrificing her life for him. After Hol Horse is defeated she eventually comes to his rescue, holding down Jean Pierre Polnareff while Hol Horse escapes from Jotaro's team. She then accompanies the group on a bus they take to Varanashi, and it is then that Polnareff becomes attracted to her while she hides her actual identity as a Stand User, and attacks Joseph Joestar with her Stand. Nena then exploits Polnareff's interest in her to distract him while her Stand fights Joseph. After Joseph is able to deal the finishing blow to Empress, Nena takes the damage and dies, revealing her real form. Polnareff appears traumatized as she is killed in front of him, realizing she is an enemy (and a very ugly enemy at that). This has led to comical scenes as the rest of the Crusaders try to bring him back to his senses. Nena's Stand, Empress, represents the Tarot Card "The Empress", which symbolizes fertility. "The Empress" card often puts emphasis on motherly qualities, like creation of life, and it is thought to signify physical attraction and luxury. Nena's luxury can be seen through her crush on Hol Horse and later attraction towards Polnareff (even though she was only faking the latter). Her Stand, Empress, refers to her fertility by growing as it eats, similar to a real living being. It also refers to its host as "daddy", though in a mocking manner, as if it was the fruit of a relationship.

Stand Name: Empress is the Stand of Nena, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Seemingly relayed from Nena, Empress comes off as a sarcastic, disrespectful, mocking Stand, constantly insulting Joseph (the unlucky host). It represents The Empress Tarot Card, which symbolizes the growth of new life (hinting the nature of this Stand). Its design is based on a rearranged Indian Buddha statue. Empress is a exceptional hybrid between flesh and Stand that is both dangerous and frustrating to get rid of if planted on its victim. However, its simplicity and mediocre physical prowess allow even Joseph's Hermit Purple to defeat it. Empress must first be planted into another person through direct contact with Nena's blood, but can otherwise be controlled by her remotely. The zone splattered with blood will develop a fleshy bud, similar in appearance to a wart. Empress will then slowly and continuously grow out of the victim's flesh as long as it feeds off exterior sources relative to it's size, be it small insects, fruits or whole chickens. Empress will eventually reach a humanoid form and will constantly try to hinder, harm, or kill its host. For instance, it framed Joseph as a murderer, then, when it grew arms, bashed him with pots and tried to drive a nail into his neck. If Empress assimilates a victim completely, Nena can use the victim as a disguise by hiding inside of them. Empress is a mix of the victim's flesh and a Stand and takes properties from both. Thus, it can be heard by someone but will be seen as a mere wart by ordinary people, and only a Stand can harm it, though being coated with tar can immobilize it.

Stand User: Toyohiro Kanedaichi is the alias of a minor antagonist in Diamond is Unbreakable, featuring centrally in the arc Let's Live on a Transmission Tower. Kanedaichi is a hermit living inside a transmission tower, which is revealed to be his own Stand, Super Fly. Trapped and wishing to escape his tower, he draws Josuke inside his home and subsequently battles him, Okuyasu and Mikitaka. His real name and identity are unknown. Initially, Kanedaichi showed himself not to be above trickery, as he tricked Josuke Higashikata into entering Super Fly while he himself plotted a means of escape. However, he states during his fight with Josuke he didn't want to kill anyone and even warns Josuke when he falls. He also says he didn't think he'd actually escape and that his plans don't usually work out. He admits he stayed in the tower in the first place because he was scared of civilization and only decided to leave because Yoshihiro tricked him by saying he would set him for life if he would trap Josuke and his friends. He proves to be regretful as he offers to treat Josuke and his friends to dinner and tend to their wounds though they decline. As he was anticipating his death, he was prepared to accept it, though had a change of heart upon being saved by Josuke and willingly lives a peaceful life in the tower, interacting with tourists casually. His real name and appearance are unknown, as he wears a mask and everything he said about himself was part of a trick. It is mentioned that he is anti-social which is why he hides his identity. This also explains why he abandoned society in the first place to live in the tower. Bound to his transmission tower, Kanedaichi's Stand is Super Fly; bringing it to a sort of life while trapping him inside. After living in his tower for so long, Kanedaichi has developed huge calluses on his palms, allowing him to hammer nails, slide down a cable, aid him in calculations, and hide tools. He is also highly acrobatic, able to swing around the telephone tower to dodge strikes with ease. Three years before the events of Diamond is Unbreakable, Kanedaichi purchases a decommissioned transmission tower from the power company for 100,000 yen and converts it into a self-sufficient house. Choosing to live in the tower out of his own introvertedness, he eventually develops a self-inflicting Stand named Superfly that binds to the tower and forces him to stay within its boundaries. Kanedaichi eventually meets Yoshihiro Kira, who offers him a good life outside the tower if he's able to trap a Stand User inside it. Kanedaichi is introduced as a hermit living alone in an old, retired transmission tower that Josuke Higashikata, Okuyasu Nijimura, and Mikitaka Hazekura come across one day. After Josuke is lured into the tower, Kanedaichi reveals that he was actually trapped within it by his own Stand and had built a home while preparing to escape. He acted peacefully so Josuke would enter his tower without worrying about an enemy Stand. After a fierce battle with the three Stand users, Kanedaichi decides to stay in the tower after being defeated, realizing that the world outside the tower actually terrified him. He becomes a Morioh landmark, letting tourists take his picture with them for spices and tools. After the final battle with Yoshikage Kira, he is seen talking to Mikitaka at the tower, asking him if the town really is as interesting as he makes it seem. (The information below derives from a Light Novel not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canon.) Toyohiro continued to live in the iron tower. Becoming an attraction in Morioh, he maintains contact with the outside world talking with tourists, who often go to chat and bring him condiments and sweets. His name is still unknown, so people call him the "Iron Tower Man". Chiho Futaba doubted the story but then heard that there are more bizarre stories in Morioh, such as that of a girl who lived between two buildings.

Stand Name: Super Fly is the Stand of Toyohiro Kanedaichi, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. It is bound to a transmission tower. Super Fly is an automatic Stand that imprisons its user, Toyohiro, inside it, making it a nuisance. Its power of damage reflection means that it is powerful and invulnerable, but anyone is free to exploit the tower when fighting inside it. Super Fly's defining ability is that it imprisons one occupant inside it. It is mentioned that the energy of the sole prisoner is how it sustains itself. Toyohiro is the first prisoner of the tower and cannot leave until someone else steps in it. If that happens, the first of the two to exit the tower is free to leave while the other one must stay inside. Leaving the tower only requires not standing inside the structure, thus Toyohiro could hang on the side of Super Fly while Josuke was trapped. If the victim attempts to escape it, he or she will be covered in steel to restrict his or her movements. It is possible the victim could be perpetually covered if they do not pull themselves back in time and Toyohiro claims that any would-be escapee will be absorbed into the tower. If attacked anywhere, be it one of the pillars or a cable belonging to it, the tower absorbs and redirects the energy of the aggression back to the direction it came from. A Stand's punch can be reflected in the form of a metal copy of the Stand bursting out of the damaged zone and retaliating against the aggressor, but generally, the damage is reflected in the form of energy blasts. Any foreign object inserted inside the tower is also violently ejected. Furthermore, if the energy blasts touch the tower again, they simply rebound against it until it hits someone or the energy escapes. Toyohiro takes advantage of this ability offensively: by damaging the tower at specific angles, he can direct the repelled force toward an enemy as a ricocheted attack. Through this method, he was able to pin Mikitaka Hazekura to a beam by hammering in screws, which were then repelled back out and into Mikitaka, or make scratches on the structure which fired back toward Josuke and hit him after several rebounds.

Stand User: Kyo Nijimura is a side character featured in JoJolion. Kyo is the Higashikata Family household's housekeeper. She is eventually revealed to be the daughter of Holy Joestar-Kira and thus Yoshikage Kira's younger sister. Kyo is a Stand User who wields the autonomous, chilling Stand, Born This Way. Kyo typically performs all the duties expected of a maid and shows no emotion whatsoever. It is eventually revealed her emotionless demeanor is a facade when Josuke asks her if she attacked him on the Higashikatas' orders. Kyo reacts harshly to this, calling her masters "the goddamn Higashikatas". She also threatens to kill Josuke if he approaches Holy, apparently out of more personal reasons, shedding tears and becoming more emotional. After Josuke finally gives into her demands, she breaks down and reveals that they knew each other in the past, and she is surprised that he has really lost all of his memories. She also points out the seams in his halved eyeballs and tongue. Nijimura's Stand Born This Way is an automatic Stand that activates when the person she has targetted opens something. It manifests as a humanoid Stand riding a motorcycle that produces extremely cold winds, capable of freezing water vapor in the air. Kyo is born from the union between Holy Joestar-Kira and Yoshiteru Kira, and she is Yoshikage Kira's little sister. Although aware of her mother's illness, Kyo took no part in helping Yoshikage steal and keep the Rokakaka from the Rokakaka Smuggling Organization. Instead, wary of the Higashikata, she infiltrated the Higashikata Family, posing as an unrelated maid and taking the name "Nijimura" to investigate their secret. After the earthquake of March 11, Kyo discovers the supernatural properties of the soil near the Wall Eyes, which can exchange parts between two buried objects. Upon entering the Higashikata household, Josuke Higashikata is coerced into taking a family photo. Kyo appears and attempts to remove his hat, causing Josuke to feel threatened, and ask who she is. Norisuke Higashikata IV answers for her and introduces her as the Higashikata family's housekeeper. When Norisuke shows Josuke around the house, he tells him to ask Nijimura for anything he needs. Later, as she helps Yasuho Hirose exit the premises, she relays a message from her employer that Yasuho is not allowed near the Higashikatas' house again. Seeing that Josuke has investigated her family tree and taking him for an enemy, Kyo unleashes her Stand, Born This Way, on Josuke just as he decides to go see Holy. Nonetheless, Josuke escapes Born This Way and surprises Kyo standing near the hospital. After a struggle, Josuke manages to defeat her, but Kyo stays aggressive and warns Josuke not to approach her mother. Josuke decides to be diplomatic and concedes, leading Kyo to trust him. Examining his face, Kyo notices that Josuke's eyes and tongue are in fact a blend of two organs. Kyo subsequently leads Josuke to the Wall Eyes and shows him that he is a fusion of her brother Yoshikage Kira and another person. For the rest of the story, Kyo takes the backseat and only makes minor appearances in the background. When Hato brings her boyfriend Tamaki Damo home, Kyo is the first to be liquefied by Damo's Vitamin C. She spends the rest of the fight in a liquefied state.

Stand Name: Born This Way is the Stand of Kyo Nijimura, featured in JoJolion. Knocking the rider off the bike causes it to make a "Shuu" noise and quickly jump back on. Born This Way is an automatic Stand defined by constant power independent of the distance from Kyo, and is unusual in that it rides a motorcycle. Equipped with a helmet and motorcycle riding gear, Born This Way is more resilient than most Stands. The bike is durable enough to withstand Soft & Wet's punches, and as a vehicle, can be used to ram into people. Although Born This Way is physically powerful, it can only appear when certain conditions are met and can be warded off if the target is careful about their actions. Kyo Nijimura can employ Born This Way on any chosen target, but it only appears near them when they "open" something. In order to target a person, Kyo must touch them at some point, but is otherwise able to act freely while her Stand attacks. The act of opening may concern doors, notebooks and cellphones but not body parts such as opening one's eyes. The individual does not have to intentionally open something, as merely touching an object as it is opening applies, for instance when Josuke backs into a taxi causing its driver to remotely open the door, or when Kyo throws a loose pen at him, causing the cap to fall off when it hits. Born This Way immediately appears near the target when they open something, but similarly disappears if anyone closes the relevant open object. When Born This Way appears, it can conjure powerful and cold gusts of wind to attack. The wind is strong enough to push back a grown man, and can violently displace objects. Moreover, it is supernaturally cold. The temperature dramatically drops where it blows, to the point the eyes can begin to freeze. If the wind persists long enough, a large quantity of snow may appear, and Born This Way can also propel shards of ice into someone as projectiles.

Stand User: Gwess is a minor antagonist then minor ally featured in Stone Ocean. Gwess is introduced as Jolyne Cujoh's cellmate. She soons decides to shrink the newcomer with her Stand Goo Goo Dolls, but is defeated and becomes Jolyne's flunky. Gwess first gives the impression of someone sweet and kind. Originally, she was seen with a 'pet' she made talk and gave treats to. If it refused, her personality quickly changed into a mad-driven woman capable of killing for fun. She has no problem with tricking others, but is nevertheless a coward. Unaware of the nature of Stands, she didn't participate in any battles following her conflict with Jolyne, and resigned herself to read magazines and otherwise act subservient toward her cellmate. When Jolyne was under the effect of Miu Miu's Jail House Lock, Gwess hardly talked and was very timid. Gwess' Stand, Goo Goo Dolls, grants her to ability to shrink the size of selected targets within her range to the size of a mouse. According to her privilege card, Gwess was sentenced to 12 years in prison after being charged with arson, attempted murder, and parole violation. Gwess is introduced after Jolyne arrives at Green Dolphin Street Prison as her new cellmate. She keeps a small human inside of a dead and hollowed bird with her Stand powers and shows a different side of herself after the bird's apparent refusal to say "I love you" or anything "cute", upon which she disposes of the bird. After Jolyne is shrunk by Goo Goo Dolls, Gwess plots a way to escape that features a shrunken Jolyne wearing a carcass of a hollowed out dead rat to explore the prison. Once the power weakened, Jolyne returned to her normal size as Goo Goo Dolls tried to destroy her, thus awakening Jolyne's Stand, Stone Free. At the climax of the fight, Gwess shows a more insane part of herself as she pleads for the fight to end only to betray Jolyne by putting her "beyond the warning line" before calling a guard to get her shot while exclaiming that it was because Jolyne betrayed her trust. Once Jolyne defeats her, she stays reclusive and retains a weakened and slightly fearful demeanor slightly similar to a servant.

Stand Name: Goo Goo Dolls is the Stand of Gwess, featured in Stone Ocean. Goo Goo Dolls displays a feral personality, being able to mutter the sound "Goo" but otherwise attacking its enemies with reckless abandon. It may have some cunning as it is stated to take advantage of its power in a fight. Goo Goo Dolls is very weak due to its reduced size and isn't suited to fight other Stand Users, but its power to shrink people is perfectly suited to Gwess' habit of bullying those weaker than her and its sharp claws are enough to tear shrunken people apart. Goo Goo Dolls typically hides near a shrunken victim, somehow being able to even hide in the same animal skins Gwess gives to her "pets" and will automatically attack them if they disobey Gwess' orders. Goo Goo Dolls has the ability to reduce the size of anyone within its range. It is hinted that it will work only on those targeted by Gwess' desire for friendship and control. When in range, Goo Goo Dolls can instantly shrink its victim to the size of a mouse, the size reduction is instantaneous and unnoticeable at first by the victim. On the other side, once a shrunken victim goes far enough from Gwess, they will grow back continuously. Gwess typically uses this power to get herself makeshift pets that she hides inside animal skins and plays with.

Stand User: Urban Guerrilla is an antagonist featured in JoJolion. Urban Guerrilla is a Rock Human sent by the Rokakaka Organization to retrieve Rai Mamezuku. Riding upon his pet Rock Animal, Doremifasolati Do, Urban pursues Rai, Josuke, and Yasuho and subsequently battles all three of them. He is a Stand User and can decompose flesh through his Brain Storm. Urban Guerrilla is an animalistic Rock Human, grunting and growling while speaking. When stalking his targets, he devises a "killing order" to select who he'll assassinate first based on their threat level. Urban Guerrilla also displays an intense and disturbing side when frustrated, stating to Rai Mamezuku that he'd take his time dismembering and mutilating Rai's body. Despite this, Urban Guerrilla is efficient in his work and intelligent; observing his enemies before attacking and making sure to take needed precautions. Urban is disdainful of humans and dreams that one day the Rock Humans will stand above humanity, planning to use the new variety of the Rokakaka to do so. Despite his racist views towards human beings, he praises Josuke as a "marvel of biology"; due to his fusion with Yoshikage Kira. As a doctor at T.G. University Hospital, it can be inferred that Urban was bright enough to obtain his diploma. Urban Guerrilla's Stand Brain Storm is a colony in the form of burr puzzles sent out from his hands. It mimics the effects of certain bacteria by melting the flesh of anyone touching it and creating holes in its victim's body. By riding on his pet Doremifasolati Do underground in areas with soil, Urban Guerrilla inconspicuously pursues Rai Mamezuku. Josuke and Yasuho also get involved when they meet the plant appraiser on a bus. The trio quickly abandons the bus and heads away from trees, causing Urban and Doremifasolati Do to be slowed down by the asphalt and concrete on the road. His Stand Brain Storm kills two rats by melting holes in their flesh and also assassinates two patrolling police officers who stop by the abandoned bus. Urban Guerrilla catches up to his prey at their "safe place" and Brain Storm attacks them from tree branches, melting holes in Rai's left hand. While Yasuho runs toward the sixth pole of the ski-lift that Josuke and Rai are on, Urban Guerrilla and Doremifasolati Do reveal themselves. He grabs Yasuho's neck and sends Brain Storm into her body. However, Rai uses Doggy Style and stabs Urban Guerrilla's shoulder with a knife, causing him to let Yasuho free. Urban Guerrilla becomes furious over the increasing difficulty of capturing Rai, yelling that he'll grotesquely maim his body once he's caught. He decides on a "killing order", choosing the best way to assassinate the trio based on their skill and powers. As he monologues, Rai attacks Urban Guerrilla again with another knife. Guerrilla hides within Doremifasolati Do's body, with it serving as a shield. However, Rai maneuvers the knife using Doggy Style to go between the gaps of Do's body and stab Urban Guerrilla's thigh before they dive underground. As Doremifasolati Do chases Josuke and Yasuho underground, Urban Guerrilla secretly escapes and waits in ambush for Rai to appear on the ski lift pole. He catches Rai off guard and states Rai is now the first on Guerrilla's "killing list". Urban Guerrilla sends Brain Storm across the cables and into Rai's body. He states that the Rokakaka is something the Rock Humans have known about for an incredibly long time. The Rokakaka isn't meant to be used for money or longevity, but to evolve Rock Humans into something else entirely. While Urban Guerrilla talks, Rai uses Doggy Style to fashion a makeshift crossbow to fire a fork into Guerrilla's eye-socket. Urban Guerrilla curses Rai and turns his attention to Josuke after the latter chases after him. He hides within Doremifasolati Do's body once more and goes on the offensive, sending Brain Storm into Josuke's face. Guerrilla laments that Josuke's body is slowly breaking down, stating he is aware of the fusion between him and Yoshikage Kira. He praises Kira on cultivating the new breed of Rokakaka and condemns Tamaki Damo for only seeking it to acquire riches. Josuke ignores him and correctly deduces Urban Guerrilla is a doctor when assuming the role of a normal human. As Guerrilla tries to kill Josuke, he notices Rai's ribbons soaked in fuel. Rai wrings the fuel out into the open hole where Josuke, Urban Guerrilla and Doremifasolati Do currently are underground. Urban Guerrilla, realizing Josuke's plan urges Doremifasolati Do to dive faster. The fuel covers Doremifasolati Do as Josuke slips the fuel inside the Rock Animal's body via his soap bubbles. As Rai drops a lit lighter into the hole, the fuel ignites and combusts; blowing both Urban Guerrilla and Doremifasolati Do into pieces.

Stand Name: Brain Storm is the Stand of Urban Guerrilla, featured in JoJolion. Brain Storm is a bacterial-like Stand that Urban Guerrilla sends out of his hands, which can melt the flesh of anyone touching it. First, they grab onto the surface of the skin with their feelers. They break through the skin and their feelers extend inside the victim's body. The Stand causes hemolysis and enters deeper into the body, while also constantly multiplying exponentially. This causes the target's body to break down as if holes are being dug into it. Hemolysis As Rai Mamezuku points out, once the Stand has made its way into the body it is impossible to remove, requiring immediate amputation to prevent death. However, the Stand is easily washed away with water if it has not entered the body yet.

Stand User: Telence T. D'Arby is a minor antagonist, and younger brother of Daniel J. D'Arby, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Residing in DIO's Mansion in Cairo and acting as DIO's butler, he isolates and challenges Jotaro, Joseph and Kakyoin when the Joestar Group enters the mansion and forces them into waging their souls against him in various video game challenges. Telence is the last member of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods, and his Stand is Atum. As a butler, Telence is a mannerly individual. However, his demeanor is a facade for his twisted and arrogant personality. Due to his occupation, Telence is rather polite and affable, keeping his calm even in the face of provocations and comes to greet and confront the Joestar Group when they enter DIO's Mansion. Although Telence may seem calm and collected, he once savagely beat his older brother for hitting on his girlfriend and can be angered to the point where he becomes greatly stressed and appears to look older than his age. He feels superior to his older brother because of this precognitive ability, but, as noted by Jotaro and Joseph, lacks the shrewd and clever mentality that his older brother developed as a gambler. Telence is a very intelligent man and is especially proficient at video games: He defeated the likes of Noriaki Kakyoin and Tatsuhiko, a child genius with an IQ of 190, albeit without the use of his Stand's ability to read minds. His familiarity with his Stand's powers suggest that he asks only Yes/No questions on a regular basis, knowing what his opponent will do, but not which move they will make. This is further supported by his asking a non-Yes/No question in his anger, only to be met without a response and his realization that the question must be a Yes/No one. Telence also has an attachment to the number 15 when picking numbers in his games, as his birthday was on January 5. Atum is the Stand of Telence T. D'Arby. It possesses two separate powers, the first being able to steal the soul of anyone who recognizes defeat against him like Osiris and the ability to read minds in the form of seeing souls answering yes or no questions automatically. Gaming:  Telence is incredibly skilled at video games. He repeatedly challenges people in video games, notably Noriaki Kakyoin, and continuously prevails. Gaming: With his talent at video games and the use of his Stand Atum, Telence had an even easier time stealing the souls of his opponents. Moreover, he claims that his older brother Daniel had never beaten him at any game. Thanks to Atum, Telence could indulge in his hobby of infusing people into puppets, building over time a small collection of victims. At some point in time, Telence would brutally beat Daniel for trying to hit on his girlfriend. After DIO came back from the bottom of the ocean, Telence met him at one point and entered into his service, becoming one of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods. In Telence's first appearance in the series, he declares himself as the butler of the mansion in which DIO and his cohorts reside. He is an adept video game player. Like his brother, he convinced Jotaro Kujo and company into wagering their souls as prizes. While playing the racing game F-Mega with Kakyoin, Telence is nearly sent off the track, but planned it and landed safely on another part of the track ahead of his opponent, causing Kakyoin to admit defeat and forfeit his soul as a result. Immediately afterward, Telence is challenged by Jotaro, who challenges him at the baseball game Oh That's A Baseball!. Initially, Telence makes use of his superior experience to pitch for Jotaro's batter's cold zones, but is surprised when Jotaro claims that he has "memorized how to hit" and scores a home run right after, along with a few more after that. This forces Telence to recognize Star Platinum's incredible precision and to counter that with his Stand's precognitive abilities. Telence responds to this by hinting at the true nature of his Stand's powers and follows up by claiming his next pitch is a forkball. Atum, however, reads Jotaro's response and Telence changes his pitch to a fastball. This causes Jotaro's batter to hit a pop fly, and D'Arby's player manages to catch it, causing Jotaro's third out and the players to change sides. D'Arby claims his next hit will be a home run and demonstrates this by responding to Jotaro's pitch directly at his player and hitting a home run and repeating the process twice more. Jotaro then removes his hat and calls his pitch, and D'Arby answers, though is promptly surprised when Jotaro manages to force his batter out with a pitch that was contrary to both his call and his soul's confirmation of the pitch. D'Arby, using Atum, manages to figure out that Jotaro was cheating and, because he is unable to figure out how he is cheating and Jotaro quoted his brother's line as justification for his continued participation in the game, loses his temper and attempts to figure out Jotaro's trick, but is unable to and the sides change as a result. D'Arby finally blows a fuse and knocks Jotaro's cap off, checks his console, and questions him repeatedly on how he was cheating, but is still unable to figure out the reason. D'Arby makes one final pitch, but Jotaro scores another home run, causing D'Arby's soul to admit defeat and Kakyoin's soul to be released. Telence immediately tries to cover up his defeat but is promptly proven wrong by Jotaro reiterating the ability of his Stand. He then turns his head and notices that one of the controllers has Hermit Purple wrapped around it, causing him to realize that the one playing against him was not Jotaro, but rather Joseph Joestar. When both Joestars turn around to finish him, Telence asks if he could be spared but is sharply countered when Jotaro asks him to find the answer by reading his soul, which, much to his horror, answers "no". Jotaro then presents Telence with the dilemma of guessing which fist he will hit him with. Telence asks if it is the "left", and then the "right", before finding out that the answer is "both". Telence finally asks if it is Jotaro's signature attack "ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora..." before receiving his answer directly in the form of a Star Platinum barrage and being blown straight through the false sky created by Kenny G. Later DIO, who kept Telence at his side because he liked his ability, comments that Telence will never understand why he lost because he was not willing to die for him as Vanilla Ice was. Unlike his battle in the manga, on the SNES title, Telence is encountered and fought like a normal boss, as he uses his Stand, ATUM, to make physical attacks on the player. Telence is one of several "quick time event" bosses in the console versions of the game. At first, the player controls Kakyoin in order to race against Telence in the F-1 Racing and later controls Jotaro to play a Baseball game. Unlike the minigames against Daniel D'Arby, there's no alternate ending against Telence, his battle will always end by Jotaro beating him. Telence appears on several commercials challenging Jotaro to fight in All Star Battle (as the game's launch was coming closer Telence's reaction were getting more and more desperate, ending by his famous mind reading on Jotaro "YES! YES! YES! ", much like his reactions against Jotaro in the manga). Telence also appears as the explanatory character for the CHARACTER GALLERY MODE, where the player can see all the characters models and costumes (similar to his Stand ability).

Stand Name: Atum is the Stand of Telence T. D'Arby, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Atum resembles a humanoid robot with Telence's athletic build, and, in a similar nature to The World and Cream, is decorated with heart motifs on its body. On its face are Telence's initials, along with what appears to resemble a breathing apparatus. In both the colored manga and anime, it is presented as having a white body with purple/pink hearts decorations and black articulations. This Stand represents the Egyptian deity Atum. Atum is, like Osiris, a threatening Stand to face because of its ability to steal souls and read minds. However, it is held back by Telence's over-reliance on its power. Thus, its user was easily defeated by Joseph and Jotaro. Like Osiris, the victims must pledge their souls first, but Atum is subtle enough to partially grab hold of the soul from someone taken by surprise. In one instance, it was able to grip Jotaro's soul without being able to steal it when Telence guessed a punch correctly. In theory, Atum is then free to attack the associated body part but was never seen doing so. Stolen souls are put inside specially-made dolls from Telence himself, and he, too, is free to gamble and release the souls under his control. Atum's second ability enables Telence to read souls. In effect, he psychically asks a nearby person's souls a yes or no question which the soul is obliged to answer, unbeknownst to the one being read, allowing Telence to secretly guess someone's intent. Atum visualizes a person as if through an infrared detector when reading souls and if the person lies, the color of their aura changes, allowing him to determine that they are lying. When Atum detects a "Yes", the subject's aura flares up; when it detects a "No", the subject's aura points vertically. Telence is also free to examine several people at once although he may forget about them.

Stand User: D an G is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. D an G is one of the four people Enrico Pucci sent to the maximum security ward to assassinate Jolyne Cujoh. He uses his automatic Stand, Yo-Yo Ma, to attempt to kill her and Narciso Anasui in the swamp near Green Dolphin Street Prison. In most of his time shown, he has a completely stoic personality, but it's assumed that he is hateful and homicidal judging by the actions that got him arrested. However, upon having his arm torn off by Guccio's ribs, he begins wildly sobbing like a child (something even his own Stand noticed), and then is completely defenseless up until his death. It's explained that D an G is held in the Maximum Security for his protection because his identity as an ex-cop in prison would otherwise get him killed. Yo-Yo Ma is an automatic long-range Stand. It is mostly humanoid, able to perform complex tasks, and converse with people, but is weak. Its saliva is extremely corrosive. In the past, D an G was a police officer who believed in Nostradamus' prophecy of the end coming in the year 2000. Because of this, he went around shooting several people at the start of the new millennium. Once the panic died down, he was quickly arrested and sent to Green Dolphin Street Prison for 20 years. It's unknown if he was given his Stand by Pucci or developed it. D an G was one of the four Stand users assigned to kill Jolyne in the maximum-security facilities along with Kenzou. After the commotion caused by Survivor and DIO's bone, he touched Guccio's shoulder and triggered the trap, inside Guccio, causing Guccio's ribs to burst from his chest and impale his arm. This caused him to become unresponsive, but, due to its automatic nature, his Stand continued to attack Jolyne and Anasui. He was discovered and killed by F.F., despite Pucci's attempts to stop her.

Stand Name: Yo-Yo Ma is the Stand of D an G, featured in Stone Ocean. Yo-Yo Ma is indestructible, and will even relish its pain in a masochistic fashion. It seems to have a fixation with eating things and can often be seen drooling excessively. When it is assigned a target by its user, Yo-Yo Ma will follow them and obsequiously assist them in any way possible. This is to make the target drop their guard. Yo-Yo Ma is an Automatic Stand characterized by its high range, autonomy, and resilience, allowing D an G to sic it on Jolyne Cujoh and wait from afar until Yo-Yo Ma kills her with its acid. Yo-Yo Ma is shown to be near indestructible, taking 6 shots from a pistol, getting punched multiple times by Stone Free without taking any damage and wasn't even killed when disabled by Narciso Anasui with the user instead being beaten. Unlike most automatic Stands, Yo-Yo Ma possesses a high degree of intellect. It knows a fair deal about survival in the swamps, knows how to pilot a hovercraft, or can craft miscellaneous useless items out of junk like a chair out of twigs. The only instructions it receives are general goals to achieve such as killing Jolyne and retrieving the Green Baby. It is then free to act as it pleases and will dispose of any person in its way. Yo-Yo Ma produces an acid saliva, which it sprays everywhere unnoticed by drooling. It then waits for the victims to get exposed and melt. It is able to melt whole chunks of flesh without causing bleeding or pain as the dissolution can go unnoticed from some time. It has multiple ways to attack with it such as inserting it into the bodies of biting mosquitoes and mixing it with water in front of a moving boat to cause it to splash those on-board. After Jolyne Cujoh, Narciso Anasui and F.F. escape from the maximum punishment ward, Yo-Yo Ma appears suddenly and swallows the sphere containing the still-forming Green Baby. The three escapees use their Stands to pummel Yo-Yo Ma into the ground but are unable to retrieve it. Even Diver Down proves ineffective, as Anasui can "feel" the enemy Stand's stench through his own. Yo-Yo Ma suddenly starts acting overly-friendly - creating a chair out of branches for Jolyne to sit on, offering her a comic book, cleaning her shoes and catching a bee that flew too close. Unable to do anything about the enemy Stand, Anasui and Jolyne take it with them as they flee by motorboat and leave F.F. to find and kill its user. Before parting with her, however, Yo-Yo Ma makes sure to melt part of her face with its acidic saliva while the other two aren't looking. When the pursuing prison guards almost discover Anasui and Jolyne's motorboat hiding in the marsh, Yo-Yo Ma helps them to camouflage themselves and the boat to look like water rushes. Unfortunately, they are found anyway and, while Jolyne's attention is focused on the guards, Yo-Yo Ma releases a mouthful of mosquitoes containing its acidic spit. Shortly after, Anasui punches him off the boat and into the guards as a distraction. After commandeering the guards' motorboat and resuming their escape, Jolyne comes to realize that she is unable to speak due to the large holes in her tongue and correctly assumes they are the result of the enemy Stand's attack. After Yo-Yo Ma attacks her a second time, incapacitating her, Anasui finally realizes that the enemy Stand is not friendly at all. However, his attempts to discern Yo-Yo Ma's method of attack only result in him receiving the same sort of injuries as Jolyne. Ultimately, he ends up implanting a frog in Yo-Yo Ma's head and connecting its brain to the target sensor - thus causing the Stand to act and think like a frog. Yo-Yo Ma then becomes unable to fulfill its intended function or even to keep its concentration for any longer than a few seconds. Only when F.F. kills D an G does Yo-Yo Ma implode and blow away as dust.

Stand User: Tamami Kobayashi is a side character featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Tamami is a petty scammer who tries to swindle Koichi but is eventually neutralized. He subsequently becomes a minor ally and works legitimately as a debt collector. His Stand is The Lock. Tamami is a con artist who deceives people for money and describes himself as the "Well Known Boss Tamami". He mentions that even his parents wouldn't believe him. He hates violence, so his Stand made his efforts to steal money much easier. After his defeat, he starts working taking back loans for casinos and the mafia, apparently by making people feel guilty if they don't pay. Tamami's Stand is The Lock. When activated, it grows a physically heavy lock from the chest of its targets when Tamami is able to have them experience the feeling of guilt. Tamami received his Stand 4 months before the events of Part 4 from Keicho Nijimura. He proceeded to use his ability in conjunction with his own skill as a conman in hopes of gaining wealth and never have to work again. Tamami is introduced as a confident trickster who leads Koichi Hirose to believe that he had run over Tamami's cat with his bike – supposedly hidden in a bag which then splattered with blood. Despite that odd circumstance being questioned, Tamami demands a sum of money from Koichi as compensation for the deed. He successfully pressures Koichi into feeling guilty, which puts his Stand, The Lock, into action - appearing in the shape of a lock; clasping over Koichi's heart and growing the more guilty he feels. As he is bullying Koichi, Josuke and Okuyasu turn up and try to help their friend. Okuyasu punches Tamami, breaking his teeth; and after Tamami cries, feels guilty for it – which gets him a lock around his heart as well. Josuke then reveals that it was just a doll instead of a cat that was hidden in the bag and heals Tamami, thus freeing Koichi and Okuyasu from their guilt and Tamami's Stand. Tamami returns the money he had taken from Koichi but vows to get revenge. Koichi is shocked to see that Tamami had only given Koichi back the corners of the yen with his wallet, as Tamami is seen holding the remains of the bills. When we next see him he is at Koichi's house, talking to his mother. He explains that he is there to return Koichi's wallet and claims that Koichi has intentionally switched it with his, as Tamami's holds 500,000 yen. When Koichi's mother doesn't believe him, he tells her that there is a stub of a restaurant he went to inside of the wallet Koichi holds. His words were proven true thanks to a trick, leading Koichi's mother to feel guilty about her son and giving Tamami an opportunity to place The Lock on her. Koichi, enraged, attacks him, leading in Tamami revealing he also made his sister feel guilty as well to Tamami's advantage. Tamami deceives Koichi's two family members into feeling guilty further, causing them to fall under the highest level of The Lock's power – severe enough to have them attempt suicide. Finally, Koichi manages to convince his mother that he is innocent of the crimes Tamami had framed him of, by using his Stand Echoes to amplify his plea for her to believe in her own son's words. This destroys the Lock and Tamami knows he has been defeated. From then on he respects and fears Koichi and even takes to calling him Boss Koichi. Later in the story, Tamami appears to give Josuke and Koichi information on another Stand user: Toshikazu Hazamada, but doesn't go investigate with them. He later encounters Toshikazu and Surface but thinks the Stand is actually Josuke (due to Surface taking his form) and is attacked by surprise. Tamami is knocked out by a brick and Toshikazu hides his body. Taken to the hospital by unknown means; the hit was so hard that Tamami, after leaving the hospital, can't even remember what happened to him. Tamami briefly takes on the role as a juror when Josuke and Rohan gamble against each other during the dice game "18", instructed to use his Stand on Josuke to see if he's cheating. Rohan's house catches fire before Tamami can discover Josuke and Mikitaka Hazekura's trick, but he charges Rohan for his services nonetheless. Tamami last appears to bid goodbye to Reimi Sugimoto. Tamami briefly appears to ask for Rohan's autograph along with Akira Otoishi, saying he's a fan of Rohan's work. Both are scolded by Rohan's editor Minoru Kagamari, who tells them that Rohan is busy at the moment. However, Rohan scolds Kagamari back, saying to not treat him like slow mangakas who can't quickly sign an autograph and proceeds to use a dripping technique to sign the autographs with his own coffee.

Stand Name: The Lock is the Stand of Tamami Kobayashi, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. The Lock is an automatic Stand that has no combat ability whatsoever but perfectly fits Tamami's petty goals. It is odious, but surprisingly dangerous because it can push people into committing suicide. By making someone feel guilty, Tamami can then summon The Lock which appears inside the victim's chest. Tamami can trick people into feeling guilty for perceived but false wrongdoings and even lock several people at the same time. On the other hand, Koichi could influence his mother into not feeling guilty anymore, cancelling The Lock at the same time. Tamami also claims that if someone with The Lock on them attacks him, the damage will be reflected on the attacker, but this is never shown. The Lock is shown to be capable of detecting dishonesty in a person, as shown during Josuke's cee-lo game against Rohan. Though this power isn't elaborated on in much detail, Tamami explains that The Lock will move if it senses honesty, and stays still if it senses dishonesty.

Stand User: Funny Valentine is the main antagonist of Steel Ball Run. Funny Valentine is the 23rd President of the United States and the true mastermind behind the Steel Ball Run race. He watches the competition from behind the curtains and hopes to gather the Saint's Corpse to use the holy relic to further the United States of America's interests. Valentine is a Stand User, wielding his Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap and its dimensional abilities to travel across parallel universes. Funny Valentine is a dignified but immoral patriot, militant in his will to accomplish what he thinks is best for the United States. Valentine's foremost characteristic is his deep patriotism. Marked by the gruesome fate of his father, Valentine's goal is that the United States stands over the rest of the world. To do so, he seeks the blessing of the Saint Corpse Parts, becoming ecstatic when the Corpse blesses him. Moreover, the President shows a great degree of determination toward this goal. First acting through his subordinates, Valentine then takes a greater active part in seizing the Saint's Corpse, confronting his enemies personally if need be, and ultimately claiming that he has no problem putting his life on the line to fulfill his objectives. He also manages to regain his composure even facing the eternal torture that Tusk ACT4 has inflicted on him. One of his expressed fears is to have someone petty or worse seizing the Corpse and taking away the happiness that should go into the United States. Despite this, Valentine is also callous about the lives of individual Americans, never hesitating to sacrifice his own subordinates in his quest for the Corpse and going as far as to kill them himself if he deems it necessary. He also cruelly trapped a train engineer halfway through a mirror just to assure himself on one advantage. His patriotism also comes with some hypocritical egotism. Despite his declared goal of working for the interests of the country, he regularly declares that his goals are fulfilled and after witnessing Love Train's ability, shouted that everything, including power and glory, was now his. Notably, when he was infatuated with Lucy Steel disguised as his wife, Valentine tried to rape her and declared that she would bear his child, saying that he wanted a dynasty to ensure the United States would remain at the top (and by that mean disregarded the country's democratic roots). Valentine is a ruthless individual, having a might-makes-right attitude toward the world, constantly using the metaphor of "taking the napkin first" to signify his gain in power. He thinks that power is founded on authority, and part of the reason he wants the Corpse is to obtain a spiritual authority on par with the Vatican. Convinced that not everyone's wishes can be fulfilled and one must always sacrifice something for the sake of another, Valentine chooses to put the United States' prerogatives above the interests of the rest of the world. Valentine respects ambition and ruthlessness and ultimately entrusts the Corpse to an alternate Diego Brando (Diego Brando from Another Universe. On the other hand, he looks down on Steven Steel's less ambitious goals, calling his will superficial. Claiming that his methods require the least sacrifices possible, they still liberally involve murder and generally violence, as well as manipulation of the people around him. In and out of combat, Valentine shows a careful and observant side, regularly watching and thinking about the situation to best see his strengths and vulnerabilities. Firstly, he's made great care to disguise his search behind the Steel Ball Run race to leave rival countries behind but also closely watched the race, following the racers inside a train and having an underling both stand watch within the participants or recruiting them afterward, or standing ready to ambush the duo. Valentine also understandably keeps tabs on the whereabouts of the Corpse Parts, which after killing Axl RO, allows him to deduce that the infiltrator who broke into his residence was still near him. His observant nature makes him see through Diego Brando's disguise when the latter tries to approach him, and suspect Gyro's determination in their clash that something is amiss, fully grasping (with the help of a lucky wind gust) the danger the Spin poses to him and how it works. However, when confronting Johnny, Valentine commits a fatal mistake in underestimating the Spin, conceitedly allowing Johnny a last "futile" attempt at shooting him. Valentine also demonstrates a generally dignified and composed attitude. In attitude, he is a polite man, among others using the formal and neutral pronoun "Watashi" for himself, and almost never losing his composure enough to insult someone. He possesses a code of honor, first putting his patriotism above his own interests, and is a man of his words, never killing Steven Steel despite having reasons to, only because he swore an oath. Valentine also respects the prowess of his adversaries, notably admiring the Spin technique as Ball Breaker tries to breach the dimensional wall. Nonetheless, Valentine will twist this code whenever convenient and isn't above lying to gain an advantage, notably feeding Johnny with false hopes and half-truths to persuade him into releasing him from Tusk. He also isn't above some petty moments such as slamming one of his men into another dimension to get rid of him or stomping Steven Steel's wounds to make him suffer as frivolous revenge for him slightly thwarting his plans. During his earlier appearances, Valentine emoted much more, slightly losing his cool on several occasions and also privately calling Diego a "peasant" for having the gall to negotiate with his person on the same level. Funny Valentine is generally polite but cold toward any individual. The only person he's admitted to having loved is his father, confessing to having been searching for him across multiple universes, although that claim is dubious. Despite his marriage with Scarlet and the two sharing a certain fondness for each other, Valentine only appeared to be a little disturbed by her death. Finally, Valentine keeps a professional distance with his subordinates at best, only caring that they fulfill his orders, whether they die or not. Valentine has a somewhat humorous quirk: he likes to take afternoon naps and orders everyone around him not to disturb him when he sleeps. Valentine's Stand, Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (D4C), enables him access at any time to any number of alternate worlds/universes/dimensions; where if desired he may swap bodies with his counterparts, granting him pseudo-immortality. This requires him to get caught between two objects (for example, a flag and the ground or a sofa and the wall). This limits D4C's ability but not by much since he has gotten caught between water and the bottom of the ocean as a method of using his ability before. When Lucy develops Ticket to Ride, Valentine may utilize a protective wall of light emanating from her which deflects all misfortune, bolstering his defense further as he becomes effectively invincible. He names this complementary ability "D4C - Love Train". According to his wife, he makes no sound when he walks, and he can even play the mandolin using his feet, simply dancing on it. When the President was a child, his father went to war, and never came back. One day, a soldier named Captain Valentine came to Funny's house and told him that his father was captured by the enemy. After resisting intense torture, he committed suicide in order not to betray his country. He retained a handkerchief (horrifically, behind his eye) which Captain Valentine then gave to Funny. It is implied that Funny's mother remarried with Captain Valentine some time later. While on an excavation, Valentine's company perished in a desert. Valentine himself, exhausted, fell onto the site of the Corpse's Heart. His life was saved due to the Corpse's power, and he inferred the existence of a complete Corpse. At some point later, he was captured by the enemy and brutally whipped, leaving scars spanning his back (in a pattern resembling that of the flag of the United States). The Steel Ball Run race is a plot set up by Valentine and the down-on-his-luck promoter, Steven Steel, to scope through the United States to get the Saint Corpse Parts which were rumored to have life-changing power. As he hosted and monitored the event, he'd send out people of his choosing to make sure things didn't go haywire in the process while at the same time trying to find pieces of the corpse parts themselves. By obtaining the corpse, Valentine, being a patriot, wishes to use its power to bring a better future to America by merging his stand and the corpse's power to deflect all misfortunes befalling on his country to foreign countries. During the race, Valentine employs many assassins to kill both Gyro Zeppeli and Johnny Joestar, even having some participate in the race to get close to the duo. The majority of his subordinates are Stand users, such as Blackmore, Mike O. and Diego Brando from Another Universe. Valentine discovers a traitor in his ranks, which he first believed to be Mountain Tim, then his wife, Scarlet, before finding the real traitor: Lucy Steel (disguised as Scarlet). Once learning that the Corpse parts were embedded within Lucy, he had her live with him, knowing that she was disguised as his wife, and in the hopes of taking the Corpse parts out of her when the time was right. After seeing Lucy for what she truly is, he holds her until the Corpse's power is at its fullest. He hires D-I-S-C-O to stall Gyro so he can kill Johnny himself. Using Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, He sends both Diego Brando and Wekapipo (both have since defected from Valentine's employ) to alternate dimensions to shoot Johnny and eliminate the three at once. He fights Wekapipo and Diego with the odds in his favor, then Diego uses Scary Monsters to guide Johnny to safety and shoot Valentine. However, Valentine uses his Stand to replace his dying body. He takes off in a train to protect Lucy from Diego and Hot Pants, while Ticket to Ride takes form. He makes several clones to fight off the two but is nearly killed by Diego. After fighting and killing Diego, Lucy's Stand takes form and powers up D4C. He quickly uses it to kill Hot Pants and prepares to fight Gyro and Johnny. When Gyro and Johnny finally show up to confront the president, Valentine shows the full extent of his new ability. Valentine misdirects everything that was intended to kill him to another part of the world, killing someone else. However, Gyro tells Johnny that it is time for "Lesson 5", meaning the use of the Golden Spin. As Gyro prepares for the Golden Spin, Valentine shoots him non-lethally. However, with the effects of D4C -Love Train, the wound travels up his body towards a more lethal spot. Gyro then summons Ball Breaker and passes through the dimensional barrier, accelerating the age of half of Valentine's face. As the wound travels up Gyro's body, he shoots Ball Breaker a second time, seemingly killing Valentine. However, Valentine was turned into an old man due to the second attack and after recovering, he finally manages to kill Gyro. After killing Gyro, Johnny relentlessly tries to do anything possible to even harm Valentine, but to no avail. Valentine then shoots Johnny's horse, Slow Dancer, to eliminate the chance of seeing the Golden Rectangle. In a last-ditch effort, Johnny uses one of Gyro's steel balls to heal his horse which kicks him into the air, activating Tusk ACT 4. After being hit by Tusk ACT 4, he found himself subjected to the Spin, which drove him into a hole in the ground every time he jumped to another dimension. He attempted to bribe his way away from this by offering Johnny a brand new Gyro Zeppeli, whom he shot and killed prior, in return for Johnny ending the Spin. Johnny refuses, stating that even a Gyro from another dimension would not be the same Gyro as the one he had adventured with. After an explanation of how he wanted to use the Corpse parts for his country, he mentions that Hot Pants died. However, he managed to take the spray from another dimension's Hot Pants and hands it over to Johnny so that he can heal Lucy. Johnny, though gradually trusting the president, tosses Valentine's empty pistol to his side and challenges him to pick it up, harboring a suspicion that Valentine had brought a pistol back with him from an alternate dimension to attack him with. The suspicion proved correct, and knowing that if he picked up the pistol it would merge with the one from the alternate dimension and reveal his intention to betray Johnny, he hesitated for a moment. After reaffirming his personal sense of justice, he draws his weapon and shoots Johnny, who in turn shoots back at him. The gunfight results in the final death of the president. At the conclusion of Steel Ball Run, it is mentioned that despite Valentine's disappearance from the public eye at the end of the race, he attained approval ratings as high as 91%. Valentine is a playable character in All Star Battle (PS3), he was the last standard character confirmed for the game, alongside "Kosaku Kawajiri". As a Part 7 character, three parts of the Holy Corpse appear scattered on stages when he, Johnny, or Gyro are used, which they can pick up to receive blessings that boost their performance in combat. Valentine has the lowest health in the game, reflecting his many "deaths" throughout the part. Valentine is both the only playable villain and "Stand" Style fighter in Part 7. Valentine can turn Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap on/off, changing move-sets, as well as have access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Holy Corpse Stand Rush During a fight, Valentine showcases skills and feats he had performed throughout Steel Ball Run. While D4C is off: While D4C is on: Valentine receives a new blessing every time he picks up one of the three Holy Corpse Parts, but if knocked down, loses it as he drops the part. Valentine's HHA, "Guess who's back!" is a counter. Valentine and D4C openly present themselves to the opponent with a shrug. If the opponent's non-Throw/GHA connects, Valentine will slam them into the ground as he disappears. He will come up with two more Valentines as the three beat the downed opponent, before D4C throws the oppponent into the air. In unison, all three Valentines uppercut the opponent and send them flying as the two that were summoned return to their dimensions. Guess who's back! Valentine's GHA, simply named "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap", is unblockable, and has him pull out a large flag and blanket it forward as Valentine declares the attack something the opponent should be honored to receive. If the opponent is caught, they are draped over by the flag (an image reminiscent of a military funeral ceremony) and Valentine jumps in shortly afterward. The two are pulled into another dimension, interrupting the battle between alternate universe versions of themselves. While Valentine poses with his expecting doppelganger, the opponent slams into theirs as they violently disintegrate into a shower of Menger Sponges as per the rules of D4C. Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap Filthy acts, at a reasonable price Valentine has a special skill exclusive to him, "Back from the 'other side'". He can only perform the skill when he has all three Corpse Parts and three stocks of the Heart Heat Gauge. Valentine will swap places with an alternate version of him from another dimension, which completely refills his health bar. If Valentine is low on health and has activated "Rumble Mode", then it will persist into his transition, leaving him at full health with Rumble Mode engaged. The drawback of this move, however, is that Valentine loses all Corpse Parts and his HHG is disabled for the rest of entire match. If struck by Kosaku-Kira's GHA after having used this skill successfully, Valentine's HHG will be restored once time has looped backward. Back from the 'other side' Valentine triggers unique animations when hit by Johnny and Gyro's GHAs respectively. In the English localization, if Valentine is mirror matched against himself, during the dialogue before the fight, the first Valentine will provoke saying "Get ready for amber waves of pain! ", while the second Valentine will say "Hello me. Meet the REAL me" (the latter being a lyric from the song "Sweating Bullets" by the band Megadeth) Valentine possesses an alternate costume, being the attire he used during his first appearance (a more classic president-like suit for the time period). In the English localization, Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is simply shorted to "D4C". Valentine was confirmed for JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven alongside Johnny, Gyro, and THE WORLD Diego. As a Stand User, Valentine is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. In the game's story, Valentine is the root cause of Heaven Ascension DIO's appearance in the universe, and the entire story of the game because of it. During the events of his final battle with Johnny, trapped by Tusk ACT4's power, Valentine searches the various parallel universes in hopes of something capable of saving him while he buys time against his enemy. After some searching, he encounters a version of DIO within another universe. That version of DIO was able to undo the power of the Golden Spin with only a wave of his hand, and Valentine initially looked to him for help. However, after telling the alternate DIO of the existence of parallel universes, Valentine quickly realizes his mistake: Heaven Ascension DIO immediately made it his objective to subjugate and conquer every universe possible. With his country threatened by the so-called "terrorist", Valentine ultimately decides to ally himself with the Joestar family, as they are his best hope for defeating Heaven DIO. Appearing multiple times under the guise of being one of Heaven DIO's minions sent to fight the protagonist group, he discreetly gives aid to the Joestars through small pieces of information each meeting. Eventually, after the Joestar family's first encounter with Heaven DIO, Valentine directly approaches them. He confirms of the original universe DIO's status and hints at the weakness of DIO's new Heaven Ascension form. While Johnny is rightfully distrustful of Valentine, Valentine attempts to diffuse his suspicion by tossing the revolver he had hidden, forcing Johnny to throw his own version as the group witnesses the menger sponge effect. Despite the evidence that Valentine bears no ill-will and has no reason to deceive the Joestars, Johnny cannot forgive him for killing Gyro. Valentine also helps Joseph Joestar confirm the reason why the two versions of him can co-exist right next to each other: as both of them are from the same timeline and are not alternate/parallel versions of the other, they are safe from the menger sponge effect. Eventually, Valentine's role is discovered by Heaven DIO. He reveals his reason for betrayal, following the path of true justice, even it means sacrificing his life for the sake of his country. With nowhere to run, Valentine boldly attacks DIO, but is ultimately defeated by The World Over Heaven, with all versions of him in every universe wiped from reality along with D4C. Due to Valentine's erasure from the timelines, the ending of Steel Ball Run is altered. In the new timeline, Gyro is alive to fight THE WORLD Diego alongside Johnny. He is paired with Lisa Lisa in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Wamuu and N'Doul.

Stand Name: Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, otherwise known as D4C, is the Stand of Funny Valentine, featured in Steel Ball Run. Serving to establish the existence of a sort of multiverse, D4C is uniquely powerful within the series. D4C expresses no particular personality. However, representing Valentine's spirit across all dimensions, passing between a number of his bodies and linking each to the "root world" of the Corpse, D4C's abilities lend it peculiar depth. D4C is among the most powerful Stands in the series. In its default form, it is a close-range Stand with above-average strength and speed. It is able to punch a grown man away violently and rivals a transformed Diego in speed. Although still exploring its full potential, Valentine is adept and creative with its powers. Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap allows different parallel worlds/dimensions to co-exist at the same time and/or in the same place. It also allows its user to visit these parallel worlds/dimensions and interact with them. Valentine travels by being closed between two objects, shown first by putting himself between a chair and the ground. Liquid materials, such as water count as objects as well, and even dust or steam. Valentine only needs an infinitesimal part of himself put between two objects to be able to hop between dimensions. Following that, Valentine may reappear from anywhere, like emerging from someone's back, presumably by affecting objects in a neighboring dimension. One of the early facets of this power was that Valentine was impervious to projectiles as the hit body part would transform simply into a hole, however, this was then left out after its initial usage. Valentine can also pull other people or items to other dimensions by forcing them between two objects or into the object he uses as a portal; for instance he can slam a door on them while they are backed against a wall. However, as no two versions of the same person or thing can co-exist in the same dimension, one of them will have to go back into their own. If not, and if they get too close to one another, both will crumble, splitting into Menger sponges before obliteration, potentially causing an explosive reaction that may harm those close by. This rule does not apply to Valentine himself. Valentine can also only partially drag people into a new dimension, immobilizing them inside an object. Diego Brando has demonstrated that people other than the Stand User can pull people to other dimensions if he reuses the same objects that were used to drag them between dimensions. It is explained that between dimensions, gravity as a force is able to persist with Valentine when he hops between dimensions. This keeps him from breaking into pieces and becoming scattered across the different worlds. If Funny Valentine is injured, he can hop into another dimension and transfer his D4C to this world's Valentine. Said Valentine acquires the memory of the previous Valentine and becomes the 'Root Valentine' by virtue of now possessing the Stand, but his consciousness remains different from that of the previous owner. Nevertheless, since each Valentine is dedicated to gathering the Corpse Parts and has the same personality, the differences are unnoticeable. Furthermore, he can summon any number of alternate selves to a target dimension in order to outnumber his opponents. These Valentines do not have D4C's of their own however, this Stand seemingly being wholly unique to the 'Root World', the single universe where the Corpse resides. During early chapters, people were somehow able to see into different dimensions from different angles, but this property is never expanded on. D4C -Love Train- As a blessing from the Saint's Corpse, Love Train is an overwhelmingly powerful ability that is both lethal and invincible thanks to its power over the concept of "misfortune". Only a miraculous power of the same scope as the Saint's Corpse may overpower it. While Love Train is active, Valentine becomes effectively invincible, hiding within a pocket dimension (also described as a gap in space) delimited by a wall of light that follows him. The wall of light, originating from Lucy's body, has the ability to redirect all misfortune that comes in Valentine's way, leaving only good fortune. The harmful energy that passes through the wall of light is sent far away from the user and is passed onto individuals anywhere on Earth as bad luck. For instance, Johnny's imperfect nail shots could be canceled and the harm manifesting as fatal accident throughout the world. Because Valentine can manipulate the form of the pocket dimension as he sees fit, it can allow him to seemingly stand midair, glide at high speeds or flatten himself. It is shown when he pursues Johnny and Gyro under the train tracks, and across a grassy field. Additionally, neutral objects continuously move closer to Lucy, including trees, signs, and even the oceans. These shifts in position seem to favor Valentine. Besides being invincible to attacks while within the gap in space, D4C can make even its most insignificant attacks fatal. Any wound would quickly travel up the body until it eventually reaches a vital spot before dealing damage. A scratch or bite on the finger can become a scratch on the heart. The only downside is that D4C must temporarily leave the safety of the gap in space and becomes vulnerable. Love Train can only be used at a certain distance from Lucy, so if she is moved away from him, then he is forcibly pulled with her and must exit the wall to be free to walk around. The only known power able to break through D4C -Love Train- is the Golden Spin.

Stand User: Dio Brando, known simply as DIO, is the main antagonist of both Phantom Blood and Stardust Crusaders. However, his influence is felt through all of the first six parts of the series up to Stone Ocean, with major characters such as Giorno Giovanna or Enrico Pucci being directly connected to him. Originally a man of low birth but peerless ambition, Dio is a villain of little conscience, vast cunning, and an insatiable hunger for power. After becoming a vampire and later a Stand user, Dio has gathered around him many minions and is responsible for many major events of the series, from the death of Jonathan Joestar to the Joestar Family's sudden acquisition of Stand power, and his legacy persists throughout the series. Dio is the father of Giorno Giovanna, the protagonist of Vento Aureo, as well as a handful of other illegitimate offspring. When he first arrives at the Joestar Estate, Dio is seen wearing typical formal boy's attire from that era; a blue coat, white dress shirt, a tie, suspenders, breeches, and a pair of striped socks. He has blond hair and a handsome face. He also has 3 moles on the lobule of his left ear. Aside from replacing his coat with a vest, Dio's attire hasn't had much change. However, his overall physique and height have increased significantly. During the events where Jonathan sets out to find the antidote for his father's illness, Dio dons a top hat and a new, flamboyant-looking cloak that has feathers jutting out of the shoulders. Dio undergoes drastic physical changes upon using the Stone Mask to transform himself into a vampire. His formerly-clean hair becomes messy and unkempt, his eyes become sharper and adopt a darker outline, and he develops fangs. His clothing has changed quite a bit as well after his first battle with Jonathan; most noticeable is the scarf around his neck. He wears an ornate dual-colored shirt and matching breeches, a large pair of boots, vambraces, and two suspenders attached to a band around his waist. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. DIO does not have a visible face as an effect of the shadowy darkness of his mansion. He has shoulder-length blond hair and is topless, exposing Jonathan's muscular body (on which his head is sewn in place) He wears pants with suspenders, clogs, shiny cuffs on both wrists, and heart-shaped knee guards. In the game JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Heritage for the Future, his voice is also distorted (an effect created by the developers to add a sense of mystery). This form of DIO is also called "The Evil Incarnation DIO". Incorporating his previous outfit, DIO's dons a jacket with a tight tank-top underneath, as well as chaps with an exposed crotch. His face is now in full-view, and on his head is a heart-shaped circlet to match his knee guards. This is his form during the beginning of the DIO's World story arc. In most depictions of him, DIO's outfit is tinted orange or yellow. He also wears a necklace covering his neck scar and heart motifs above his feet and on his pant legs, but he quickly stopped sporting them after his first stairway confrontation with Polnareff. When pursuing the Joestar group, DIO donned a cloak that he had discarded during his confrontation with Kakyoin. DIO nears his physical peak after draining Joseph Joestar's blood. His appearance now is similar to his revealed form, minus the jacket and the heart-shaped headband that was destroyed by Star Platinum's attacks. He now sports a deranged and homicidal look and mannerisms, having lost his suave touch. His hair is now disheveled and mostly oriented upwards, while his lips are darker and seem adorned with lipstick. This is his main form during the latter half of the DIO's World story arc, often called his 'High' or 'Awakened' form. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Dio is consistently manipulative and violently domineering, and has repeatedly shown a lack of conscience and empathy. Dio's most recognizable characteristics are his boundless ambition and his love of power. Abused by his father and having lived in the most miserable living conditions, Dio set for himself the goal of becoming the richest, then the most powerful being on Earth. To do so, Dio used anything or anyone that he could in order to further his goals, disregarding any kind of morality that would restrain the range of actions available to him. Using either manipulation, seduction, or plain violence, Dio constantly sought to become more and more powerful. Dio enjoys being in a position of power and has repeatedly stated how great he felt being in a dominating position. On the contrary, Dio never tolerated that someone could stand up to him or equal him in power, and was enraged and deeply disturbed at the thought several times. Throughout his life, Dio has tended to surround himself with witless cronies and later minions, who were attracted by his natural charisma. Not thinking much of them at first, he then selected those he deemed as particularly evil, claiming that an evil person wasn't bound by rules such as honor and thus were stronger mentally. This belief culminated in including the absorption of 36 souls of sinners, or, as he claims, particularly strong souls, to unlock a power greater than that of his Stand, The World. Naturally, Dio is an incredibly-selfish person, only looking over his own interest and overlooking those of others at best, trampling them on the ground at worst. Due to his composed nature, Dio can and will manipulate and take from any gender, using any method, as long as the person suits his present desires. Since he is selfishly interested in their capabilities, however, Dio is the type who is incapable of loving another person wholeheartedly. The only people he can be said to have held some type of affection for were his mother, Jonathan Joestar, and Enrico Pucci; Dio recognizing Jonathan's worth as equal to his own, and having been friends with Pucci. Still, Dio stole the former's body and his friendship with the latter was proven nonetheless beneficial of a grander plan to further himself. When interacting with someone, Dio will constantly try to manipulate them and sway them into his side, using a veneer of gentleness and his natural charm to make people admire and like him. For instance, he acted the model son and popular charismatic friend to Jonathan's father and entourage to better isolate him, and as a Vampire, his charisma only increased as he appeared as a charming mysterious individual. However, his natural arrogance would lead him to openly insult and belittle his enemies, notably disparaging their insignificant strength before his vampiric or Stand powers. Dio approaches obstacles and problems in a number of ways depending on the situation and his mood. When he was human, Dio was careful and methodical in trying to break Jonathan's spirit and slowly poisoned George for a sizeable period of time, only being thwarted due to unlucky twists of fate. As a Vampire, DIO at first let his arrogance get the better of him and took a laissez-faire approach, only sending subordinates to kill the Joestar Group while he rested and recovered. However, his defeat by Jonathan taught him to be wary of the Joestar Family in its entirety, thus he would later ambush Jonathan and, during the events of Stardust Crusaders, send his minions to delay the Joestars as much as possible to recover strength. During his final battle, his wariness, tactical acumen and arrogance would clash to make Dio alternate between meticulous approach and overconfident attacks. In Phantom Blood, Dio is ambitious, selfish, arrogant, callous and megalomaniacal, seemingly able to do anything to achieve his aims. His natural ruthlessness is exposed very early when plans to exploit the Joestar family despite them being kind enough to adopt him. In order to place himself in a better position to replace Jonathan Joestar and obtain the Joestar family fortune, Dio used the most underhanded means to break him mentally. These methods included: humiliating Jonathan in public sport fighting, ostracizing him from his friends, and finally stealing Erina Pendleton's first kiss to drive a wedge in their budding relationship. When he is eventually foiled, Dio opted to slowly poison George Joestar I and kill Jonathan with the Stone Mask to make both deaths seem natural and accidental. Dio has shown a remarkable determination to reach his goal, never losing his drive despite the numerous defeats he suffers throughout Phantom Blood and always tried to find a way to get back at Jonathan for them. Dio's lack of empathy is also apparent, since despite having lived for years with the kind Joestars, he never thought of them as anything more than obstacles, and is hinted to utterly resent the upper class he frequents. Dio had been maintaining a facade of a charming and agreeable person to everyone save Jonathan, yet never came close to anyone. At the end of the part, the only person Dio appreciated was Jonathan Joestar himself, begrudgingly acknowledging his valor as his archenemy and "granting" him a painless death, and was even shocked to see him die. Overjoyed to have changed into a powerful vampire, Dio spent his battles taunting various humans about their weaknesses and belittling them in favor of the apex predator vampires. Dio also sadistically changed a mother into a zombie just to watch her devour her own baby. When in a position of strength, he also tends to torment them further, such as sneakily sticking his thumb into Jonathan's eye during a punch. Dio shows a lack of restraint in his violence, and is prone to murderous outbursts even as far as his childhood, notably trying to stab Jonathan when he beat him up, and violently slapping Erina. He was also incredibly cruel to Jonathan's dog, Danny, going so far as kicking him on their first meeting. When Dio was defeated by Jonathan, Dio secretly had Danny incinerated. He is shown to be utterly enraged when someone stands up to him, which is the cause for his outbursts. He himself acknowledged that his anger was a weakness, but would be all his life unable to truly control himself. Dio's personality could be explained by his poor childhood and the abusive relationship he shared with his father, Dario Brando. Speedwagon, however, rejected this as the cause of Dio's personality, claiming that Dio was simply born this way, and that his poverty had nothing to do with it. True to that, Dio was already an immoral person but then openly relinquishes his humanity in favor of becoming a vampire upon being cornered by the police. He trades his underhanded scheming persona for a more arrogant and hedonistic personality that is dismissive of humanity and revels in evil. Nonetheless, Dio respects determination and said much to Jonathan that his determination was equal to his own, earning him the dubious honor of serving as Dio's new host, after Dio was reduced by Jonathan to a head. Dio's potential for empathy is implied in both the manga and the anime, when Dio is shown to have killed his own father out of revenge for the abuse against his mother, rather than as a step in his scheme to rise in society. Dio has expressed hatred for dogs, considering them vermin. Reappearing in Stardust Crusaders, DIO did not change much since his burial at the bottom of the ocean for one hundred years, as he remained a remorseless and murderous megalomaniac, but nonetheless he had matured a little by recognizing valor in others and being generally more calm and level-headed. DIO does not appear frequently in Stardust Crusaders except towards the end, but is seen discussing various philosophies with Stand users he wishes to recruit, and with his already-loyal followers, particularly Enya the Hag who serves as his main adviser. It seems equally likely that DIO does this to manipulate and persuade as that he believes what he says, but nonetheless acknowledges the power and valor simple humans can have, notably respecting one's willingness to die for his goal. Wishing to quickly dispose of the Joestars, he listened to Enya and was told that she'd already sent agents to deal with them, and quietly rested in his mansion to gain more strength. Furthermore, DIO learned his lesson and stops underestimating his opponents, being particularly careful around the Joestar bloodline. He nonetheless sneered at other Stand Users' efforts to fight him, most notably Kakyoin's, whose discovery ended up being crucial in his defeat. This time, DIO is far more calm and collected. Maybe due to knowing that his Stand The World is far above anyone's reach, DIO is more tolerant of people resisting him, and didn't react to Polnareff's taunts and insults. He even seems to appreciate Hol Horse's insubordination, which confirms the mercenary's strength, and let him go try to assassinate Jotaro. However, DIO is still callous about human life and killed anyone who would fail him, even Enya—who was, again, his closest adviser. The usually confident and cunning gambler Daniel D'Arby was driven to madness when he couldn't handle the pressure of possibly revealing DIO's Stand ability to Jotaro. True to himself, DIO is enjoying the fact that he is wielding the most powerful Stand in his organization, being unconcerned by the heroes' effort to discover his power as he thinks they are meaningless. When Jotaro reveals himself to be able to move within the stopped time, DIO is initially very distraught but recomposes himself quickly, devising other plans to get rid of Jotaro by exploiting his advantage. The full scale of his insanity is visible when, overjoyed to have completely fused with Jonathan's body and being at full power, DIO declares that he was experiencing "the greatest high" and delightfully drills his index finger into his skull. His final speech exposes that he is still willing to use any way to win and despises any concept of honor or revenge, ultimately using a cheap trick to blind Jotaro momentarily. In flashbacks placed before the events of Part 3, DIO demonstrates a burgeoning ability to be genuinely nice to another person in numerous conversations with Enrico Pucci. Intrigued by Pucci, who let him be despite suspiciously hiding in a church, DIO healed his crooked foot, a kind gesture, and gave him the head of an Arrow, which would grant him his own Stand, Whitesnake. During these flashbacks, DIO is able to open up with him on multiple subjects, and confiding to Pucci that the priest could make him be at peace. Once daring Pucci to steal his Stand, to Pucci's refusal, DIO thanked him for his fidelity, and even admitted that he feared the thought of Pucci betraying him. It is debatable how good a friend DIO truly was, considering Pucci's good-willed nature during his youth directly opposing his later evilness and zealotry. DIO also seems to have built that friendship to further his ambitions, which calls into question how sincere it was. It is implied that he wanted to use his Stand to create a perfect world for himself and a handful of subordinates. He enlisted Pucci as his living "conscience", in case he would go crazy and veer "off track". JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Over Heaven offers an interpretation of Dio Brando's character by mixing elements present in the original material and plot points introduced by the light novel. Most notably, Dio's fixation on heaven is explained as the result of the influence his dead mother had on him. In the novel, Dio is presented as having developed past his megalomaniac self and began an introspection about his life and his growth. DIO's Stand is The World; a humanoid Stand that specializes in melee attack roughly equal, if not superior, in its immense force and speed to Jotaro Kujo's Star Platinum. About a year after gaining his Stand, DIO discovered that it is capable of stopping time. At first, he could only do this for a very short amount of time, but by the end of Part 3, he is able to stop time for a maximum of 9 seconds. This duration would have continued to develop had DIO not been defeated. When stopping time, DIO gives the impression that he is teleporting or otherwise moving at impossible speeds. The ability is best known for DIO's activation and cancellation phrases THE WORLD, Time, stop! and Time resumes. Having had ample time to rest and train with The World, DIO is shown to have been thorough in exploring his Stand's abilities. Case in point, it was during an experiment session during which DIO sought to test the limit of The World's speed that he discovered his time stop ability. To give himself an advantage, DIO has tried to keep the ability of The World a secret, only using it at key moments to psych out an opponent and perform incomprehensible sneak attacks, as well as only trusting its secret to a few confidants such as Enya the Hag and not hesitating to eliminate her as soon as she remotely risked to inform the Joestars of his timestop power. However, as soon as they understood its ability, DIO dropped the secret and showed a great degree of confidence about the supremacy of his power, ultimately not caring about his secret as he was convinced that no one could do anything about it. Thus, he began to liberally stop time against Jotaro. Thanks to the free time-frame of action granted by The World, DIO has made it possible to instantly reposition himself to avoid attacks or set himself up to attack, kill enemies instantly, or even displace his opponents to toy with them. DIO has shown a high degree of control over The World, using it to battle Jotaro's Star Platinum to a standstill, but showing superior technique in hand to hand combat by using low kicks to unbalance Star Platinum or feints to out-punch Star Platinum. However, his Vampire constitution means that DIO never showed the same care at using The World defensively at he preferred to avoid being hit at all and regenerate by sucking blood. Unlike practically every other Stand User, DIO has sought to improve his Stand's capabilities. He notably wanted the Joestar to come to him so that he could suck the blood of a Joestar and sync himself up with Jonathan's body to further improve his time stop ability. Araki indeed stated that DIO had the potential to stop time indefinitely. Moreover, DIO had searched a way to unlock a power even more powerful than The World, using esoteric knowledge to divine a plan to create another mightier Stand. Due to an awakening power within Jonathan Joestar's body, DIO is capable of using a Hermit Purple-like Stand which allows him to create psychic images, be it on photographs or crystal balls. Due to the connection he has between Jonathan's body and his descendants, DIO is also able to sense the presence of other Joestars and can use this to track their position. He is even able to tell when Joseph uses Hermit Purple to take a psychic photograph of him, and instinctively knew that his acquisition of a Stand also awoke Stand abilities in Jonathan's descendants. Becoming a Vampire as a young adult, Dio displays a broad range of fantastic, supernatural abilities; explained as expressions of the full, unbound potential of the human body. Intelligence: Dio is naturally intelligent, displaying cunning and perceptiveness as well as imagination repeatedly. As a child and teenager, Dio Brando managed to achieve academic excellence with ease, having planned to graduate from university as a top law student. Otherwise Dio is a cunning villain and proficient tactician in combat. Dio almost managed to get away with two murders, bidding his time in order to have a perfect alibi and was only discovered by accident. Upon his return from the bottom of the ocean, DIO built in six years a powerful criminal empire spanning over several continents and which brought him many riches. In a fight, Dio is particularly cunning and perceptive, his ruthlessness making him able to exploit dishonorable and downright inhuman tactics to get ahead, such as leading his enemies into a trap, using hapless civilians as projectiles and sources of energy, or plain sneak attacks. Dio has the habit of analyzing his opponents and determine quickly a counter to their strengths, such as freezing blood in order to stop the flow of the Ripple, or forcing Jotaro's bluff by throwing multiple knives from all direction so that he's forced to act during the stopped time. Naturally ambitious, Dio constantly seeks to improve himself and meticulously studies his abilities to make the most of them. As such, he developed a freezing power akin to the Pillar Men's Modes in just a month, and in six years, discovered enough about Stands to be able to fuse several together with souls in order to create the ultimate Stand. Arguably his most successful move, Dio experimented on how his vampiric powers allowed him to fuse two organisms together, and used that knowledge to steal Jonathan's body. Though he doesn't show it often, Dio has become a natural philosopher, arguing about the human condition with multiple people. Toughness: All prior to becoming a Vampire, Dio was already an able bare-handed fighter; A skill he says he developed in the slums of London. A good amateur sportsman, during a rugby game as a young adult, he is shown to have developed high athletic ability (as well as fantastic muscle mass). Charisma: Dio is a cunning and charming individual. In addition to Stand Users, whom Avdol and Joseph suggest he recruits through sheer charm or charisma, he has seduced many women through his life. Knowledge: Throughout both his humble youth and tempestuous maturity, Dio is often seen reading. During his pre-teens, he is seen playing chess with adults. In Part 6, in conversation with Enrico Pucci, he is shown to have accumulated some wisdom within the world of Stands. Importantly, Dio is able to concoct a plan, contained in his diary, incorporating vast, unknown information as to the deliberate creation of Stands of perfectly specific abilities. Spiritual Connection: After stealing Jonathan's body, DIO began to share a spiritual connection with Jonathan's living descendants. He notably was instinctively aware of their presence and their well-being, allowing him to track them across Cairo. Joseph mentions that DIO probably cannot distinguish between him and Jotaro, and only feel their presence. Dio Brando, known simply as DIO from Part 3 onwards, is the main antagonist of both Phantom Blood and Stardust Crusaders. However, his influence is felt through all of the first six parts of the series up to Stone Ocean, with major characters such as Giorno Giovanna or Enrico Pucci being directly connected to him. Dio Brando DIO Originally a man of low birth but peerless ambition, Dio is a villain of little conscience, vast cunning, and an insatiable hunger for power. After becoming a vampire and later a Stand user, Dio has gathered around him many minions and is responsible for many major events of the series, from the death of Jonathan Joestar to the Joestar Family's sudden acquisition of Stand power, and his legacy persists throughout the series. Dio is the father of Giorno Giovanna, the protagonist of Vento Aureo, as well as a handful of other illegitimate offspring. When he first arrives at the Joestar Estate, Dio is seen wearing typical formal boy's attire from that era; a blue coat, white dress shirt, a tie, suspenders, breeches, and a pair of striped socks. He has blond hair and a handsome face. He also has 3 moles on the lobule of his left ear. Aside from replacing his coat with a vest, Dio's attire hasn't had much change. However, his overall physique and height have increased significantly. During the events where Jonathan sets out to find the antidote for his father's illness, Dio dons a top hat and a new, flamboyant-looking cloak that has feathers jutting out of the shoulders. Dio undergoes drastic physical changes upon using the Stone Mask to transform himself into a vampire. His formerly-clean hair becomes messy and unkempt, his eyes become sharper and adopt a darker outline, and he develops fangs. His clothing has changed quite a bit as well after his first battle with Jonathan; most noticeable is the scarf around his neck. He wears an ornate dual-colored shirt and matching breeches, a large pair of boots, vambraces, and two suspenders attached to a band around his waist. DIO does not have a visible face as an effect of the shadowy darkness of his mansion. He has shoulder-length blond hair and is topless, exposing Jonathan's muscular body (on which his head is sewn in place) He wears pants with suspenders, clogs, shiny cuffs on both wrists, and heart-shaped knee guards. In the game JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Heritage for the Future, his voice is also distorted (an effect created by the developers to add a sense of mystery). This form of DIO is also called "The Evil Incarnation DIO". Incorporating his previous outfit, DIO's dons a jacket with a tight tank-top underneath, as well as chaps with an exposed crotch. His face is now in full-view, and on his head is a heart-shaped circlet to match his knee guards. This is his form during the beginning of the DIO's World story arc. In most depictions of him, DIO's outfit is tinted orange or yellow. He also wears a necklace covering his neck scar and heart motifs above his feet and on his pant legs, but he quickly stopped sporting them after his first stairway confrontation with Polnareff. When pursuing the Joestar group, DIO donned a cloak that he had discarded during his confrontation with Kakyoin. DIO nears his physical peak after draining Joseph Joestar's blood. His appearance now is similar to his revealed form, minus the jacket and the heart-shaped headband that was destroyed by Star Platinum's attacks. He now sports a deranged and homicidal look and mannerisms, having lost his suave touch. His hair is now disheveled and mostly oriented upwards, while his lips are darker and seem adorned with lipstick. This is his main form during the latter half of the DIO's World story arc, often called his 'High' or 'Awakened' form. Dio is consistently manipulative and violently domineering, and has repeatedly shown a lack of conscience and empathy. Dio's most recognizable characteristics are his boundless ambition and his love of power. Abused by his father and having lived in the most miserable living conditions, Dio set for himself the goal of becoming the richest, then the most powerful being on Earth. To do so, Dio used anything or anyone that he could in order to further his goals, disregarding any kind of morality that would restrain the range of actions available to him. Using either manipulation, seduction, or plain violence, Dio constantly sought to become more and more powerful. Dio enjoys being in a position of power and has repeatedly stated how great he felt being in a dominating position. On the contrary, Dio never tolerated that someone could stand up to him or equal him in power, and was enraged and deeply disturbed at the thought several times. Throughout his life, Dio has tended to surround himself with witless cronies and later minions, who were attracted by his natural charisma. Not thinking much of them at first, he then selected those he deemed as particularly evil, claiming that an evil person wasn't bound by rules such as honor and thus were stronger mentally. This belief culminated in including the absorption of 36 souls of sinners, or, as he claims, particularly strong souls, to unlock a power greater than that of his Stand, The World. Naturally, Dio is an incredibly-selfish person, only looking over his own interest and overlooking those of others at best, trampling them on the ground at worst. Due to his composed nature, Dio can and will manipulate and take from any gender, using any method, as long as the person suits his present desires. Since he is selfishly interested in their capabilities, however, Dio is the type who is incapable of loving another person wholeheartedly. The only people he can be said to have held some type of affection for were his mother, Jonathan Joestar, and Enrico Pucci; Dio recognizing Jonathan's worth as equal to his own, and having been friends with Pucci. Still, Dio stole the former's body and his friendship with the latter was proven nonetheless beneficial of a grander plan to further himself. When interacting with someone, Dio will constantly try to manipulate them and sway them into his side, using a veneer of gentleness and his natural charm to make people admire and like him. For instance, he acted the model son and popular charismatic friend to Jonathan's father and entourage to better isolate him, and as a Vampire, his charisma only increased as he appeared as a charming mysterious individual. However, his natural arrogance would lead him to openly insult and belittle his enemies, notably disparaging their insignificant strength before his vampiric or Stand powers. Dio approaches obstacles and problems in a number of ways depending on the situation and his mood. When he was human, Dio was careful and methodical in trying to break Jonathan's spirit and slowly poisoned George for a sizeable period of time, only being thwarted due to unlucky twists of fate. As a Vampire, DIO at first let his arrogance get the better of him and took a laissez-faire approach, only sending subordinates to kill the Joestar Group while he rested and recovered. However, his defeat by Jonathan taught him to be wary of the Joestar Family in its entirety, thus he would later ambush Jonathan and, during the events of Stardust Crusaders, send his minions to delay the Joestars as much as possible to recover strength. During his final battle, his wariness, tactical acumen and arrogance would clash to make Dio alternate between meticulous approach and overconfident attacks. In Phantom Blood, Dio is ambitious, selfish, arrogant, callous and megalomaniacal, seemingly able to do anything to achieve his aims. His natural ruthlessness is exposed very early when plans to exploit the Joestar family despite them being kind enough to adopt him. In order to place himself in a better position to replace Jonathan Joestar and obtain the Joestar family fortune, Dio used the most underhanded means to break him mentally. These methods included: humiliating Jonathan in public sport fighting, ostracizing him from his friends, and finally stealing Erina Pendleton's first kiss to drive a wedge in their budding relationship. When he is eventually foiled, Dio opted to slowly poison George Joestar I and kill Jonathan with the Stone Mask to make both deaths seem natural and accidental. Dio has shown a remarkable determination to reach his goal, never losing his drive despite the numerous defeats he suffers throughout Phantom Blood and always tried to find a way to get back at Jonathan for them. Dio's lack of empathy is also apparent, since despite having lived for years with the kind Joestars, he never thought of them as anything more than obstacles, and is hinted to utterly resent the upper class he frequents. Dio had been maintaining a facade of a charming and agreeable person to everyone save Jonathan, yet never came close to anyone. At the end of the part, the only person Dio appreciated was Jonathan Joestar himself, begrudgingly acknowledging his valor as his archenemy and "granting" him a painless death, and was even shocked to see him die. Overjoyed to have changed into a powerful vampire, Dio spent his battles taunting various humans about their weaknesses and belittling them in favor of the apex predator vampires. Dio also sadistically changed a mother into a zombie just to watch her devour her own baby. When in a position of strength, he also tends to torment them further, such as sneakily sticking his thumb into Jonathan's eye during a punch. Dio shows a lack of restraint in his violence, and is prone to murderous outbursts even as far as his childhood, notably trying to stab Jonathan when he beat him up, and violently slapping Erina. He was also incredibly cruel to Jonathan's dog, Danny, going so far as kicking him on their first meeting. When Dio was defeated by Jonathan, Dio secretly had Danny incinerated. He is shown to be utterly enraged when someone stands up to him, which is the cause for his outbursts. He himself acknowledged that his anger was a weakness, but would be all his life unable to truly control himself. Dio's personality could be explained by his poor childhood and the abusive relationship he shared with his father, Dario Brando. Speedwagon, however, rejected this as the cause of Dio's personality, claiming that Dio was simply born this way, and that his poverty had nothing to do with it. True to that, Dio was already an immoral person but then openly relinquishes his humanity in favor of becoming a vampire upon being cornered by the police. He trades his underhanded scheming persona for a more arrogant and hedonistic personality that is dismissive of humanity and revels in evil. Nonetheless, Dio respects determination and said much to Jonathan that his determination was equal to his own, earning him the dubious honor of serving as Dio's new host, after Dio was reduced by Jonathan to a head. Dio's potential for empathy is implied in both the manga and the anime, when Dio is shown to have killed his own father out of revenge for the abuse against his mother, rather than as a step in his scheme to rise in society. Dio has expressed hatred for dogs, considering them vermin. Reappearing in Stardust Crusaders, DIO did not change much since his burial at the bottom of the ocean for one hundred years, as he remained a remorseless and murderous megalomaniac, but nonetheless he had matured a little by recognizing valor in others and being generally more calm and level-headed. DIO does not appear frequently in Stardust Crusaders except towards the end, but is seen discussing various philosophies with Stand users he wishes to recruit, and with his already-loyal followers, particularly Enya the Hag who serves as his main adviser. It seems equally likely that DIO does this to manipulate and persuade as that he believes what he says, but nonetheless acknowledges the power and valor simple humans can have, notably respecting one's willingness to die for his goal. Wishing to quickly dispose of the Joestars, he listened to Enya and was told that she'd already sent agents to deal with them, and quietly rested in his mansion to gain more strength. Furthermore, DIO learned his lesson and stops underestimating his opponents, being particularly careful around the Joestar bloodline. He nonetheless sneered at other Stand Users' efforts to fight him, most notably Kakyoin's, whose discovery ended up being crucial in his defeat. This time, DIO is far more calm and collected. Maybe due to knowing that his Stand The World is far above anyone's reach, DIO is more tolerant of people resisting him, and didn't react to Polnareff's taunts and insults. He even seems to appreciate Hol Horse's insubordination, which confirms the mercenary's strength, and let him go try to assassinate Jotaro. However, DIO is still callous about human life and killed anyone who would fail him, even Enya—who was, again, his closest adviser. The usually confident and cunning gambler Daniel D'Arby was driven to madness when he couldn't handle the pressure of possibly revealing DIO's Stand ability to Jotaro. True to himself, DIO is enjoying the fact that he is wielding the most powerful Stand in his organization, being unconcerned by the heroes' effort to discover his power as he thinks they are meaningless. When Jotaro reveals himself to be able to move within the stopped time, DIO is initially very distraught but recomposes himself quickly, devising other plans to get rid of Jotaro by exploiting his advantage. The full scale of his insanity is visible when, overjoyed to have completely fused with Jonathan's body and being at full power, DIO declares that he was experiencing "the greatest high" and delightfully drills his index finger into his skull. His final speech exposes that he is still willing to use any way to win and despises any concept of honor or revenge, ultimately using a cheap trick to blind Jotaro momentarily. In flashbacks placed before the events of Part 3, DIO demonstrates a burgeoning ability to be genuinely nice to another person in numerous conversations with Enrico Pucci. Intrigued by Pucci, who let him be despite suspiciously hiding in a church, DIO healed his crooked foot, a kind gesture, and gave him the head of an Arrow, which would grant him his own Stand, Whitesnake. During these flashbacks, DIO is able to open up with him on multiple subjects, and confiding to Pucci that the priest could make him be at peace. Once daring Pucci to steal his Stand, to Pucci's refusal, DIO thanked him for his fidelity, and even admitted that he feared the thought of Pucci betraying him. It is debatable how good a friend DIO truly was, considering Pucci's good-willed nature during his youth directly opposing his later evilness and zealotry. DIO also seems to have built that friendship to further his ambitions, which calls into question how sincere it was. It is implied that he wanted to use his Stand to create a perfect world for himself and a handful of subordinates. He enlisted Pucci as his living "conscience", in case he would go crazy and veer "off track". JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Over Heaven offers an interpretation of Dio Brando's character by mixing elements present in the original material and plot points introduced by the light novel. Most notably, Dio's fixation on heaven is explained as the result of the influence his dead mother had on him. In the novel, Dio is presented as having developed past his megalomaniac self and began an introspection about his life and his growth. About a year after gaining his Stand, DIO discovered that it is capable of stopping time. At first, he could only do this for a very short amount of time, but by the end of Part 3, he is able to stop time for a maximum of 9 seconds. This duration would have continued to develop had DIO not been defeated. When stopping time, DIO gives the impression that he is teleporting or otherwise moving at impossible speeds. The ability is best known for DIO's activation and cancellation phrases THE WORLD, Time, stop! and Time resumes. THE WORLD, Time, stop! Time resumes. Having had ample time to rest and train with The World, DIO is shown to have been thorough in exploring his Stand's abilities. Case in point, it was during an experiment session during which DIO sought to test the limit of The World's speed that he discovered his time stop ability. To give himself an advantage, DIO has tried to keep the ability of The World a secret, only using it at key moments to psych out an opponent and perform incomprehensible sneak attacks, as well as only trusting its secret to a few confidants such as Enya the Hag and not hesitating to eliminate her as soon as she remotely risked to inform the Joestars of his timestop power. However, as soon as they understood its ability, DIO dropped the secret and showed a great degree of confidence about the supremacy of his power, ultimately not caring about his secret as he was convinced that no one could do anything about it. Thus, he began to liberally stop time against Jotaro. Thanks to the free time-frame of action granted by The World, DIO has made it possible to instantly reposition himself to avoid attacks or set himself up to attack, kill enemies instantly, or even displace his opponents to toy with them. DIO has shown a high degree of control over The World, using it to battle Jotaro's Star Platinum to a standstill, but showing superior technique in hand to hand combat by using low kicks to unbalance Star Platinum or feints to out-punch Star Platinum. However, his Vampire constitution means that DIO never showed the same care at using The World defensively at he preferred to avoid being hit at all and regenerate by sucking blood. Unlike practically every other Stand User, DIO has sought to improve his Stand's capabilities. He notably wanted the Joestar to come to him so that he could suck the blood of a Joestar and sync himself up with Jonathan's body to further improve his time stop ability. Araki indeed stated that DIO had the potential to stop time indefinitely. Moreover, DIO had searched a way to unlock a power even more powerful than The World, using esoteric knowledge to divine a plan to create another mightier Stand. Due to an awakening power within Jonathan Joestar's body, DIO is capable of using a Hermit Purple-like Stand which allows him to create psychic images, be it on photographs or crystal balls. Due to the connection he has between Jonathan's body and his descendants, DIO is also able to sense the presence of other Joestars and can use this to track their position. He is even able to tell when Joseph uses Hermit Purple to take a psychic photograph of him, and instinctively knew that his acquisition of a Stand also awoke Stand abilities in Jonathan's descendants. Becoming a Vampire as a young adult, Dio displays a broad range of fantastic, supernatural abilities; explained as expressions of the full, unbound potential of the human body. Intelligence: Dio is naturally intelligent, displaying cunning and perceptiveness as well as imagination repeatedly. Intelligence: As a child and teenager, Dio Brando managed to achieve academic excellence with ease, having planned to graduate from university as a top law student. Otherwise Dio is a cunning villain and proficient tactician in combat. Dio almost managed to get away with two murders, bidding his time in order to have a perfect alibi and was only discovered by accident. Upon his return from the bottom of the ocean, DIO built in six years a powerful criminal empire spanning over several continents and which brought him many riches. In a fight, Dio is particularly cunning and perceptive, his ruthlessness making him able to exploit dishonorable and downright inhuman tactics to get ahead, such as leading his enemies into a trap, using hapless civilians as projectiles and sources of energy, or plain sneak attacks. Dio has the habit of analyzing his opponents and determine quickly a counter to their strengths, such as freezing blood in order to stop the flow of the Ripple, or forcing Jotaro's bluff by throwing multiple knives from all direction so that he's forced to act during the stopped time. Naturally ambitious, Dio constantly seeks to improve himself and meticulously studies his abilities to make the most of them. As such, he developed a freezing power akin to the Pillar Men's Modes in just a month, and in six years, discovered enough about Stands to be able to fuse several together with souls in order to create the ultimate Stand. Arguably his most successful move, Dio experimented on how his vampiric powers allowed him to fuse two organisms together, and used that knowledge to steal Jonathan's body. Though he doesn't show it often, Dio has become a natural philosopher, arguing about the human condition with multiple people. Toughness: All prior to becoming a Vampire, Dio was already an able bare-handed fighter; A skill he says he developed in the slums of London. A good amateur sportsman, during a rugby game as a young adult, he is shown to have developed high athletic ability (as well as fantastic muscle mass). Toughness: Charisma: Dio is a cunning and charming individual. In addition to Stand Users, whom Avdol and Joseph suggest he recruits through sheer charm or charisma, he has seduced many women through his life. Charisma: Knowledge: Throughout both his humble youth and tempestuous maturity, Dio is often seen reading. During his pre-teens, he is seen playing chess with adults. In Part 6, in conversation with Enrico Pucci, he is shown to have accumulated some wisdom within the world of Stands. Importantly, Dio is able to concoct a plan, contained in his diary, incorporating vast, unknown information as to the deliberate creation of Stands of perfectly specific abilities. Knowledge: Spiritual Connection: After stealing Jonathan's body, DIO began to share a spiritual connection with Jonathan's living descendants. He notably was instinctively aware of their presence and their well-being, allowing him to track them across Cairo. Joseph mentions that DIO probably cannot distinguish between him and Jotaro, and only feel their presence. Spiritual Connection:

Stand Name: The World is the Stand of DIO, featured in Stardust Crusaders. The World shows no particular personality, although it occasionally smiles as it pummels others, hinting that it may be a rather cruel entity that takes pleasure in causing pain. Its Stand cry, seemingly communicated by DIO, is Muda Muda Muda! The World Itself doesn't make much attempts at speech. In the anime, The World makes mumbling noises while fighting Star Platinum, and in the English dub, the mumbling sounds are replaced with growling sounds. Muda Muda Muda! The World is an exceptionally powerful Close-range Stand much like Star Platinum as noted by Noriaki Kakyoin and Jotaro Kujo, but boasting an effective manifestation range of approximately 10 meters. Despite requiring a close distance to inflict damage, its overwhelming physical might and near unstoppable control over time undeniably make it one of the most dangerous Stands in the entire series. Super Strength/Senses/Speed/Precision: The World possesses phenomenal strength, senses, precision, and incredible speed, being able to easily punch Kakyoin right through his abdomen. DIO claims that The World is even stronger and faster than Star Platinum since it bested the latter in a clash of rapid punches between the two. However, it is unclear if this is an aspect of DIO's vampiric nature or simply having greater experience with his Stand. Its main offense is generally characterized by a flurry of speedy punches and the occasional kick. Super Strength/Senses/Speed/Precision The World's signature power is its ability to stop time, allowing only itself, DIO and anyone with the same power, to act within the duration of stopped time. In the stopped time, DIO can move his own body freely along with any object he touches that he wishes to move, allowing him to strike his defenseless enemies, move to a superior position, and toy with his victims. All force applied by DIO during the time stop continues to exist after the time stop. This is seen when the objects that DIO throws can momentarily move during the stopped time before grinding to a halt. A flurry of thrown knives could fly for several meters before stopping near Jotaro. Another unique feature of the time stop is how DIO can seemingly float in stopped time. Since no forces other than the time stopper's exist during a time stop, there is no force of gravity, allowing DIO to move freely in space as he wishes, with the help of his stand. It is notable that DIO needs to consciously activate Time Stop, which means that surprise attacks can prevent him from stopping time. Because of DIO's weakened state during Part 3, this ability initially only works for up to 5 seconds in DIO's frame of reference before time flows again. However, thanks to DIO's immortality, the duration of stopped time increases as DIO becomes more accustomed to The World and the scar around his neck heals, reaching a maximum of nine seconds towards the end of Part 3. However, had he not died, the period during for which DIO could have stopped time would have continued to grow, seemingly indefinitely. An alternate evolved form of the Stand named The World Over Heaven appears in Eyes of Heaven, wielded by Heaven Ascension DIO. The World Over Heaven

Stand User: N'Doul is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Being a loyal assassin for DIO and the User of the Stand Geb, he is the first of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods the Joestar Group encounters upon entering Egypt and tries to kill them in the middle of the Sahara. N'Doul is a proud Stand user extremely loyal to DIO. Calling himself "the great N'Doul", he is confident in his ability and didn't hesitate to take on the whole Joestar Group during his encounter with them. Even when cornered by Jotaro, N'Doul simply puts everything in a death-or-glory attack instead of begging like others usually do. He also shows hints of an honourable mindset by revealing some key information to Jotaro as a prize for defeating him. However, N'Doul can also be slightly overconfident and was almost lured in the open by Avdol, a move which N'Doul praised despite being enemies with Avdol. N'Doul has mentioned that he's had his Geb since youth and never feared anything thanks to its power. During his fight, N'Doul has shown to be very attentive of his enemy's movement and carefully analyzed their every move. Despite his pride, N'Doul mentions that he only wanted to live after meeting DIO. Charmed by DIO's aspects, N'Doul became fiercely loyal to the Vampire, even going as far as killing himself with his own Stand after his defeat, to ensure he would not reveal any of DIO's secrets to the protagonists. N'Doul is aware that DIO and him are evil people, yet he relishes in his evilness. Geb is a long-range Stand made of water N'Doul can remotely control and shape into anything to attack his foes from afar, notably as a sharp water stream able to slice flesh. Enhanced hearing: N'Doul is blind, but has phenomenally sharp hearing. He is able to determine the position of a fly simply by listening to it fly or hear faint sounds such as grains of sand bouncing against an obstacle hundreds of meters away from him. Using his cane, N'Doul can feel vibrations coming through the sand even kilometers away from his position, memorize's multiple people's whereabouts or identify someone by analyzing the sound of their footsteps. Enhanced hearing: N'Doul was a blind man who, thanks to his Stand, never feared anything in his entire life, not even death. It allowed him to do anything he wanted and get away with it without consequences, as even the police wouldn't find out about his crimes, although no one ever saw his true value. One day, he encountered DIO and was charmed by his charisma, DIO being the only person to see his true value. N'Doul started to admire that man so much he saw him as his savior, later claiming that "even evil needs a savior". N'Doul is introduced shortly after Iggy joins the Joestar group, when he kills the two pilots of the helicopter that Iggy came in. He attacks the Joestar group soon after, managing to injure Kakyoin's eyes and keep him from assisting the group for a period of time. After Avdol found out that N'Doul could only locate the group through the sounds they made, Jotaro forced Iggy to cooperate with them, as he was the only one capable of detecting N'Doul's attacks. Iggy was uncooperative as to almost allow Jotaro to die in order to save himself, so Jotaro used Star Platinum to throw Iggy and The Fool at N'Doul, catching him off-guard. It is there that Jotaro gets to N'Doul in the commotion and defeats him. After being defeated, N'Doul killed himself to prevent his memories from being read by Hermit Purple, likely knowing that his own savior would kill him otherwise. Afterwards, in his dying breaths, he tells Jotaro of the other nine Stand users and of himself. Seeing his value, Jotaro buried N'Doul's body in his honor. N'Doul appears in this game as a boss that the players face. The first few times, the player must select the "Idea!" option to retreat. Unlike in the source material, N'Doul does not temporarily blind Kakyoin. N'Doul was originally planned as a playable character in this game, as drafts exist that show how he would have fought, along with an Alessi form, and when hacking the game to choose N'Doul as a player character, he has several assets pertaining to this, such as an alternate color, animated life bar portraits, animated super move and VS screen portraits and a cut-in for the "Here Comes A New Challenger!" screen. Ultimately he was rendered an unplayable mini-boss, where the player had to cross a desert stage dodging his Stand until they find him at the end of the stage and attack him, one hit causing an instant K.O. This special stage must be played as Jotaro in Super Story and can be played with any of the main heroes in Oingo & Boingo's Gallery Mode. N'Doul makes his first playable appearance in Eyes of Heaven. He was confirmed for the game alongside Iggy, Old Joseph and Dio Brando (Part 1). N'Doul is of the Stand User Style, but more specifically is he a Mode User. The player can switch control between N'Doul and Geb to alter the character's abilities, with Stand Mode being the more powerful. Mode User As N'Doul is blind, he cannot lock onto opponents. He also doesn't possess any particularly powerful combo attacks, and his Normal attack combo involves the use of his cane for a 2-hit melee attack that downs the opponent in order to give him some time to create distance. He cannot move faster than a slow walk, and does not have any air attacks to boost jumping distance, making platforming difficult. N'Doul does not possess any sort of dash, limiting his already-slow mobility, but can expend stamina to dodge forward like all other characters. In place of a dash, N'Doul sends Geb forward in the direction he's facing, up to four times. Doing this will allow skills to be performed wherever Geb is. He is paired with Wamuu in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, defeating Lisa Lisa and Funny Valentine in the first round, but eliminated by Jonathan Joestar and DIO in the second.

Stand Name: Geb is the Stand of N'Doul, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Geb's greatest strength is the range at which it can be controlled precisely, enabling N'Doul to sit kilometers away from his target (four kilometers when he attacks the Joestar Group). Combined with N'Doul's ability to sense vibrations from faraway, Geb can reliably act while its user is safe. It is nonetheless a basic Stand whose dangerousness comes more from N'Doul's skill as a Stand user than its inherent power. N'Doul exploited the surrounding desert to hide Geb under the sand and constantly attack by surprise, thought of creating quicksand with the water and used Geb to propel sand into the air, acting as a sonar to detect the sound of the sand falling on The Fool's glider. Geb, being a body of water, is completely amorphous and hence is exceptionally flexible and nimble, being able to evade Star Platinum's punch by twisting itself. Despite being a mass of water, Geb's claw is strong enough to cut flesh, and even ripped a man's head off and pulled it completely into a metal canteen. When it propels itself at a high enough speed, Geb can even cut through metal. In addition, the water can act as a hard shield against projectiles. However, the water is particularly vulnerable to heat, as Magician's Red's flames could partially evaporate it, wounding N'Doul.

Stand User: Tsurugi Higashikata is a side character and ally featured in JoJolion. Tsurugi is the child of Jobin and Mitsuba Higashikata, and the youngest of the Higashikata Family. Raised as a girl, his fear of the Rock Disease drives him to cooperate with Josuke Higashikata to find a possible cure. Tsurugi is a Stand User and his Paper Moon King confers supernatural properties to his origamis. Tsurugi's personality is a strange mix of typical childishness and precocious sinisterness. Like all first born sons in the Higashikata family, Tsurugi is being raised as a girl for the first 12 years of his life to ward off the stone disease. However, this aspect of his upbringing is almost never touched upon save for his dress and seemingly has no bearing on neither his personality nor his various relationships, nobody showing a particular reaction to this. Tsurugi is introduced as a playful yet creepy kid. During his introductory arc, he plays a mean prank on both Yasuho and Josuke by making them unable to differentiate between people through his power Paper Moon King. He eventually apologizes to Yasuho for the distress he's caused to her. Other similar traits are his quick friendship with the dog Iwasuke and his love of making puns. Tsurugi is also quite libidinous and he shows a disturbing attraction toward Yasuho, frequently improperly fondling or licking her. However, he also shows a measure of threat. For instance he didn't hesitate to deliver Josuke to Yotsuyu Yagiyama to be killed, stating that Josuke's life was a sacrifice to save himself. When he was chased by Aisho, Tsurugi didn't hesitate to trick his foe into confusing a bus with his father, resulting in his eventual death. It is also shown that Tsurugi is somewhat of a black sheep in school, being the target of bullies and having no shown friends thus far. Tsurugi demonstrates a very deep-seated fear of dying from the Rock Disease and his will to survive this illness drives most of his actions during the story. As such he is quick to switch sides to whoever may grant him the best chances of finding a cure, becoming an unwitting pawn for Yotsuyu Yagiyama when promised with the Rokakaka then allying with Josuke and Yasuho to find it and then siding with his father Jobin when he gets hold of the fruit. Tsurugi is attached to his parents the most but is more indifferent towards the other members of the Higashikata Family. As a child, Tsurugi is quite prone to bouts of panic and nervousness in front of incoming danger, his Stand lacking offensive ability being of little help in such occasions. Tsurugi's Stand is Paper Moon King, enabling him to give a degree of life to origami of his creation. These origami display different capabilities depending on the type of animal or object they are shaped into, similar to Tubular Bells. After they touch his target, the target is subjected to the illusion that all people and/or symbols and text appear the same. He can also subject the illusion that an object is something else, used during the fight 'Doobie Wah!' where Tsurugi used his stand to trick Aisho Dainenjiyama and give the illusion that the buses were Jobin Higashikata. Tsurugi is born from the union between Jobin Higashikata and Mitsuba. As Jobin's eldest son, Tsurugi has been fated to be struck by the Rock Disease and was raised as a girl all his life. He appears to fit in quite well in the Higashikata family. He was present during the family photo and was introduced by Norisuke Higashikata IV. Aware of his family's curse, Tsurugi is worried by his eventual fate. Soon before his introduction, Tsurugi meets the architect Yotsuyu Yagiyama, who shows him a possible cure in the form of an unknown food. Yotsuyu then persuades Tsurugi to help him kill Josuke in exchange for the cure. Tsurugi comes to the forefront when Yasuho encounters him after being taken to the Higashikata family's underground storeroom. After attempting to play with her and having taken her phone, she discovers that Tsurugi is male after some struggle, at which point he reveals that his family's first born always cross-dresses in order to ward off the "curse" that strikes them at age 11 where their bodies stiffen and turn to stone, similar to what happened to Rina Higashikata. Daunted, Yasuho leaves the storeroom, though not before Tsurugi activates his Stand ability on her after having touched her phone, which he transformed into an origami frog. Tsurugi continues his prank by also affecting Josuke but eventually cancels it and apologizes to Yasuho, leaving her to rest in the bunker. Josuke later spots him bringing food to the bunker and follows him. When Josuke and Norisuke are attacked by Yotsuyu Yagiyama's I Am a Rock, Tsurugi begs his grandfather to leave Josuke for dead, as he is cooperating with Yotsuyu. Tsurugi eventually tells them that he is afraid of the Rock Disease which will affect him, and that Yotsuyu showed him a cure in the form of a mysterious fruit, testing it on a dog. After Yotsuyu is defeated and killed, Josuke confirms the existence of the fruit and Tsurugi adopts the dog Yotsuyu fed the fruit to, naming it Iwasuke. While Tsurugi is playing with his new dog, Josuke approaches him to enlist his help in interrogating Jobin, Tsurugi's father. Initially reluctant to go against a family member, Tsurugi is eventually swayed to Josuke's side by urgency and reveals to him that his father is obsessed with stag beetles, which will allow Josuke to uncover a weakness. While Josuke confronts Jobin, Tsurugi goes to Yasuho's house and asks her to help with her new Stand Paisley Park. After Josuke wins Jobin's Lamborghini in a beetle fight and gives the key to Tsurugi, he and Yasuho secretly investigate the Lamborghini in order to discover Jobin's previous whereabouts. Paisley Park subsequently discovers that Jobin exchanged the fruit with a certain Aisho Dainenjiyama. Tsurugi then investigates Aisho with Yasuho, eventually uncovering that the fruit is being sold by Aisho to people. However, Aisho discovers that he's being tailed and releases his Stand Doobie Wah!. Tsurugi and Yasuho are relentlessly pursued by the Stand which proves too tough for them to beat, so Tsurugi baits Aisho to them and tricks him by using his stand to make buses appear as Jobin. Aisho dies, run over by a bus. The next day, Tsurugi and Yasuho meet with Josuke, but Tsurugi decides to leave the two alone. Although he he seen at Yasuho's home, Tsurugi lays low for a while Tsurugi decides to confronts his father Jobin about the latter's involvement with the Rock Humans. Before long, Tsurugi, Jobin and Iwasuke feel the attack of Ozon Baby, an enemy Stand Jobin has planted inside the family orchard. Trying to escape out of the shed they were in, Tsurugi meets Ozon Baby itself and bears the full brunt of its power, suffering a debilitating decompression sickness. He almost dies but Jobin manages to take him to safety and revive him. Tsurugi later uses Paper Moon King to make Poor Tom see a pear-tree branch as the Rokakaka branch. After Poor Tom is killed, Norisuke talks with Tsurugi about them losing the branch, but unbeknownst to Norisuke, Tsurugi had used Paper Moon King on him to disguise Jobin. It is then revealed that Jobin and Tsurugi had taken the Rokakaka branch. Before the fruit can be harvested, Ojiro Sasame confronts Tsurugi and tells him that he knows about the Rokakaka Organization and his father Jobin Higashikata's involvement in their operation. Threatening to denounce Jobin unless Tsurugi lets him meet the father, Ojiro also stealthily puts Tsurugi's hand under his control. Fleeing from Ojiro, Tsurugi inadvertently leaks the location of the Rokakaka because he's forced to hold a phone and send photos and videos to Ojiro. Ojiro manages to place his mark on Jobin's hands, cornering him. Jobin is forced to relinquish the Rokakaka but Tsurugi tricks Ojiro with Paper Moon King into thinking the glasses shards on the frame of a broken windows are bigger than they really are; Ojiro makes Jobin close the broken window on himself and Tsurugi, but the little shards only hurt a bit while Ojiro thinks that the Higashikata are dead. Ojiro does steal the Rokakaka but is baited into taking bank notes charged with heat from Speed King and dies. Jobin subsequently retrieves the Rokakaka and also kills Makorin. Tsurugi appears in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven as a stage gimmick on the Higashikata House stage. He opens up the underground storeroom occasionally, which allows a single player to restore some of their health.

Stand Name: Paper Moon King is the Stand of Tsurugi Higashikata, featured in JoJolion. Paper Moon King presents itself as an ability and possesses no combat ability, whatsoever. Tsurugi doesn't seek fights and prefers to rely on the power of his origami to disorient people instead of harming them personally. Paper Moon King also appears to allow Tsurugi to impart actual qualities of the object depicted in the origami into the creation. For instance, Tsurugi can shape an origami cicada that can fly or origami frogs that can hop and move on their own. He does not need to be around to enforce this effect, as all of his origami paper is under his Stand's thrall, as when Yasuho creates origami bananas without Tsurugi around, they still seem to be able to make Yotsuyu Yagiyama trip and fall. This ability can also work with the Stand s. Tsurugi is also allowed to fold hard objects to the shape of an origami (the only example shown to this day is Yasuho's cellphone). Paper Moon King is able to remove the ability to differentiate between faces, objects, voices and texts if one of the origami models it creates touches someone. This renders the victim unable to recognize faces, resulting in seeing the same face on all people, even in reflections and in artificial faces such as in mannequins or video broadcasts. In addition to other people's faces, those under Paper Moon King's power probably cannot differentiate between bodies, and voices, as Yasuho still mistook Joshu for Josuke despite having a conversation with him. Moreover Tsurugi's victims can only read the same sentence in every text they might see and it can also make them confuse two specific objects or person; for instance Tsurugi made Aisho Dainenjiyama see all leaves on the ground as Yasuho's origami phone. Paper Moon King first appears when Tsurugi somehow manages to fold Yasuho Hirose's cellphone into an origami frog, which then leaps at her to impart the stone disease before seemingly disappearing. Tsurugi then continues to use the origami to disorient Josuke before seemingly removing the effects from both of them. After Tsurugi explains his Stand to Yasuho, she later uses it in a successful escape from Yotsuyu Yagiyama.

Stand User: Enrico Pucci is the main antagonist of Stone Ocean. A loyal follower and friend of DIO, Pucci aspires to implement a plan long formulated by DIO to "achieve heaven". Working as a chaplain at Green Dolphin Street Prison, he secretly frames Jolyne Cujoh and uses her as bait to lure Jotaro Kujo and his memories of DIO's Diary. Pucci is a Stand User and manipulates the mind and soul through his Stand, Whitesnake. After uniting with the Green Baby, Pucci's appearance takes a number of superficial changes. Strands of hair join to his eyebrows, forming a five-pointed star on his forehead and his right sideburn join with it. His hair changes design with three shaved lines going from his left temple to the base of his skull. He grows ponytails or dreadlocks, which thread through the holes of his collar. In early depictions, like the Green Baby, his eyelashes grow into spikes and his skin has lines going over it and he replaces his previous belt with a much larger double belt, and his wrists now have golden bands. He has five ponytails, his sideburn has 4 lines going to his eyebrows with one going to the left eyebrow and the shaved lines follow the top of his scalp. Later depictions have only 3 ponytails, 3 lines joining his sideburn to his right eyebrow and the shaved lines following his left temple. The priest Enrico Pucci is a fanatic committed to a heretical notion of God's will and to DIO's plan. As a teenager, Enrico Pucci was a good-hearted man, who tried the best he could to follow his faith as a future priest. When a tragic series of events led to the suicide of his beloved sister Perla, Pucci fell into despair and then went to see DIO, whom he encountered before. Enrico Pucci then became a radical believer after frequenting DIO, whose principal credo was that humans were helpless before many forces which ruled the Universe. Among these forces, God's will and Fate -which Pucci dubs "Gravity"- were the most brought up. Pucci's backstory, full of near-impossible coincidences and twists of fate and Perla's death whose responsibility couldn't be pinned on anybody, in particular, were the probable inceptions of this belief. Prone to chitchat, a lingering effect of his many discussions with DIO, Pucci often brings multiple random trivia to drive his point: observing Miraschon try to steal a golden cross, Pucci explained how Miraschon couldn't escape her nature; similarly, Pucci explained to Jolyne how a certain species of reckless swallows died young because they didn't realize their limits, and used this as a metaphor for the Joestar bloodline. Mixing this belief with DIO's plan to "attain Heaven", Pucci sought to make every human know their fated paths via Made in Heaven's power, and give them the "resolution" to accept their destiny, calling it true "happiness". Essentially, Pucci wished that humans realized that they couldn't fight Fate and make them at peace with their status as subordinates of Fate. In his quest for attaining Heaven, Pucci used many immoral methods including murder, manipulation, and bribery. Pucci was particularly callous about human lives, considering that he worked for the greater good anyway and that these sacrifices were insignificant. DIO's plan notably included the sacrifice of 36 human lives, and Pucci also sought to murder anyone who would cross his path, even Emporio Alniño who was a helpless child, or used minions he would recruit with manipulation or promises of favors as the priest of Green Dolphin Street. Underhanded tactics are not beneath him: Pucci favors imposing cruel choices to his enemies, for instance throwing Jotaro's Memory DISC into the dying Anasui, and asking Jolyne whether she wants to stop him or save Jotaro, as the DISC will disappear if Anasui dies and her father as a result, and Pucci would drive Jotaro through a similar choice in his final battle. Generally, Pucci is a rather immoral person, having no qualm being violent (his first appearance has him smashing Miraschon face-first into the edge of a cabinet after discovering a theft) or collaborating with various criminals, viewing them as tools to further his plans. As a fanatic, Pucci neither enjoys nor dislikes the numerous immoral acts he commits, being focused on his plan above all. As DIO planned for, his friend Pucci doesn't take any interest whatsoever in worldly concerns such as wealth or sex, and his only drives are his friendship with DIO and his belief, although, during their first meeting, DIO noticed a burgeoning evil in the priest who was reading a book about a clergyman committing adultery and running from his office to become an artist. In his goal to obtain DIO's plans, he sacrificed Johngalli A, the only one of his original allies left and DIO's son Donatello. His twin brother Wes told him when he regained his memory, that he was "the worst evil: an evil man who didn't know that he was evil". A rather reserved priest, Pucci became more and more exalted as the plan neared its completion, having occasional outbursts of enthusiasm and celebrating the Green Baby's conception. Prior to acquiring Made in Heaven, Pucci was an anxious person and used to recite the prime numbers, which calmed him thanks to their indivisibility. Upon unlocking it, however, Pucci became supremely confident, and began to express his emotions more freely, exasperated at Jolyne's persistence to resist him and shouting her name in anger. Interestingly, Pucci's first Stand Whitesnake possesses its own personality which can be described a scornful and vicious. Whitesnake vocalizes Pucci's inner emotions more freely than its user, notably his anger. Whitesnake is Pucci's basic Stand, with which he may steal up to two DISCs from individuals, one DISC contains the Stand of the target while the other DISC contains the target's memories. Pucci develops C-Moon with the instructions in DIO's Diary and with DIO's Bone, which manipulates gravity. Pucci develops Made in Heaven with further instructions in DIO's Diary, which steadily increases the speed of time. Pucci was born with a disfigured left foot, though this apparently did not hinder his ability to walk. Having descended from an influential Italian family, he grew up with a wealthy upbringing and was well-liked by everyone. Raised as a Roman Catholic, he was already on the path of priesthood at the age of fifteen, an action allowed by his parents due to his family's religious history. One day while sweeping the floors, he stumbled upon DIO's feet underneath a table. Curious, he conversed with DIO, and though he was alarmed when DIO grasped his twisted foot, he didn't think it was anything special. It wasn't until Pucci removed his shoe that he noticed his foot had been healed. Around the same time, a woman, in tears, came to the confessional booth, pleading to be heard. Choosing to listen in the absent priest's place, he heard how this woman had switched her sickly baby with another family's fraternal twin. When he asked what the family name was, he was shocked to discover it was Pucci. Not long afterward, his sister, Perla, fell in love with a part-time worker named Wes Bluemarine. The man his sister was dating was actually his thought-to-be-dead twin brother. Despite his discovery, Pucci is unable to tell anyone due to his priestly obligation to preserve the privacy of confessions. In order to protect his sister from knowing of the incest, Pucci secretly hired a P.I. group to force Wes and Perla to break up. However, he was unaware that the P.I. group held the beliefs of the KKK, who discovered that Wes' presumed father was an African American and proceeded to lynch Wes. Wes was shot and hung from a noose over a cliff while Perla was beaten. The morning afterward, Pucci discovered Perla's corpse from her suicide and cradled her body in sadness. He noticed a DISC emerging from her head, due to DIO's influence with the Stand Arrow. Pucci wanted to follow DIO, enticed by his words, but not before tying up all the loose ends to his past. He approaches the post-traumatic Wes, who was furious at Pucci's interference in his relationship with Perla, and quickly told him they were brothers before removing Wes's memory DISC from him. Wes then adopted the name Weather Report to compensate for not having a name. Pucci spent the remainder of that year with DIO. From him, he learned the "ingredients" needed to formulate the "perfect world". DIO grew to trust Pucci entirely, and gave him one of his finger bones as a remaining fragment should he die. The remaining years of Pucci's life were driven by his obsession with this promised land, and he waited for the preparation of the said day. To increase his mobility, he finished his priesthood and became a Father to those in need. He allied with Johngalli A in a plan to avenge DIO by killing Jotaro and his daughter Jolyne and complete DIO's plans. Determined to fulfill DIO's prophecy, he secured a job at Green Dolphin Street Prison, where he spent the next 8 years as the head priest and had since then become the longest residing employee of the prison. To fulfill DIO's secret plan, Pucci needs the hidden instructions contained within DIO's Diary, but Jotaro Kujo has burned it down. However, Pucci knows that Jotaro must have read the diary. To recover the instructions and avenge DIO, Pucci and Johngalli A devise a plan to lure Jotaro into their prison. As the one known criminal, Johngalli A openly acts by ordering thugs to throw a hitchhiker into the car Romeo Jisso and Jolyne Cujoh, Jotaro's daughter, were riding in. Johngalli A then directly hired a corrupt lawyer to protect Romeo and frame Jolyne for manslaughter with aggravating circumstances which would guarantee her transfer to Green Dolphin Street Prison. That way, Jotaro would investigate the circumstances and try to meet Jolyne in prison. When Jotaro eventually visits Jolyne, Pucci cooperates with Johngalli A. to eliminate him. After a long-range shot against Jolyne, Pucci has Whitesnake trap the two inside a delusional combat scenario, from which both of them eventually escape. The family freeing themselves from Whitesnake's spell is unexpected but, at a corridor, Johngalli A. and Whitesnake manage to surround Jotaro and force him to protect his daughter. It is this moment that Whitesnake steals two DISCs from Jotaro, his Stand disc, and his memory disc. At this moment, Pucci decides to get rid of Johngalli A. by first letting Jolyne defeat him. Then Pucci has Whitesnake finish off the sniper with a gun so his secret identity won't be found. With Jolyne Cujoh being thrown into solitary confinement, Pucci has several weeks of free move. During that time, he looks into Jotaro's memories to discover DIO's plan. Moreover, having no use for Jotaro's Star Platinum disc, he stores it in his secret stash in the farm fields. He also gives Thunder McQueen a Stand, Highway to Hell. After the battle between Jolyne, Ermes Costello and Foo Fighters, Pucci participates in the search for the missing prisoners who were killed during said battle and notes that his whole stash of discs has been taken and there is no sign of Foo Fighters. He concludes that Jolyne is a more dangerous foe than he previously thought and that she's gathered allies. To assassinate Jolyne and her allies, he decides to use Miraschon, whom he has promised parole and gives her the Stand Marilyn Manson. However, Miraschon fails at assassinating anyone and is defeated. Later, Pucci intercepts Jolyne's phone call to the Speedwagon Foundation and knows that she intends to deliver the Star Platinum disc to them. Wanting to prevent that, Pucci dispatches Lang Rangler to kill Jolyne before she can reach the courtyard between the men and women's wards. However, Lang is defeated. Deciding to check on Lang, Pucci accidentally meets Jolyne about the open the door to the courtyard. Since Jolyne doesn't know he is the enemy, she peacefully begs him to grant her a moment in the courtyard. Having discerned the presence of one of Jolyne's allies near him, he prefers to keep his cover and allows Jolyne to pass. However, he uses Whitesnake to command a guard to stand in the courtyard, who shoots Jolyne on his orders. Although Jolyne is on the ground, Weather Report intervenes by making it rain poisonous rainforest frogs. Pucci is trapped by the rain near the courtyard and sends in Whitesnake to retrieve the disc which was lost during the chaos. Although Whitesnake finds the disc, Jolyne snatches it first and gives it to a messenger pigeon used by the Speedwagon Foundation. The pigeon flies away with the disc and Pucci fails, only angrily commenting that the Stand disc alone won't be enough to revive Jotaro. Pucci then carries on to his original plan and meets Sports Maxx at the chapel. He then asks Maxx to revive DIO's Bone with his powers, which results in the bone's disappearance. After a short moment of panic, Pucci understands that the plan is being carried out and resolves to wait for the bone to reappear of its own volition. However, Sports Maxx reveals that he senses the bone's presence in the maximum security ward. After Ermes' battle against Sports Maxx, Jolyne is thrown into the maximum security ward. Pucci decides to send in four assassins to kill the isolated Jolyne before she retrieves the bone. Nonetheless, three of the assassins are dispatched and only D an G is left. When Pucci arrives at the maximum security ward, the whole population has been transformed into a giant tree, with only D an G and Guccio still alive, but injured. Meanwhile, Jolyne and Narciso Anasui have escaped into the swamp. Pucci plans on interrogating D an G about the bone, but his plans are thrown into disarray. Pucci is spotted by Foo Fighters who guesses that he is the hidden enemy behind the assassination attempts. There is a battle between the two of them, as Pucci tries to stop Foo Fighters from killing D an G. Whitesnake threatens several times to steal its Stand disc, but Foo Fighters slips away several times, albeit in dire need of water. Pucci ultimately baits Foo Fighters into using a sink, where he uses one of Whitesnake's stand discs, causing the sink to spray boiling water, severely injuring Foo Fighters. However, Foo Fighters had enough time to call Weather Report, who creates heavy rain and fog to allow Foo Fighters to regenerate and escape Pucci. Nonetheless, Pucci disguises Whitesnake as Weather Report and fools Foo Fighters, who brings him to Jolyne and The Green Baby. Whitesnake impales Anasui and Foo Fighters, but Jolyne cuffs herself to Pucci. Despite his powers, Pucci is overwhelmed and must use Jotaro's memory disc. He throws the disc into Anasui's dying corpse, forcing her to try to save him while Pucci finally rejoins the Green Baby. Pucci tells the baby a secret password which results in their fusion. Pucci has now entered DIO's world. Having no more need for the prison, Pucci leaves for Cape Canaveral where the next stage of his plan will be set in motion. Pucci must now reach Cape Canaveral and await the new moon, which will enable Pucci to fulfill the next part of DIO's plan. On the way to Cape Canaveral, Pucci fatefully meets three young men: Ungalo, Rikiel and Donatello Versus. All three were brought to a hospital, near which Pucci is taken hostage by Ungalo. However, Pucci ultimately sways Ungalo to his side and then makes all three men realize that they are the sons of DIO, and helps them awaken and master their respective Stands. Pucci spends the next three days waiting with the bedridden Donatello while Ungalo and Rikiel go confront the Joestar Group. Two days before the new moon, Jolyne and Ermes manage to reach the hospital. Donatello then awakens Under World and lures the two into a cavern where a fight ensues. During the battle, Pucci stays passive and counsels Donatello, who grows increasingly frustrated at Pucci's perceived scorn. DIO's son steals Weather Report's memory disc and when he is defeated, he gives it to Weather who was near the hospital, angering Pucci. Heavy Weather's power begins to wreak havoc in Orlando, and Pucci is forced to flee in order to eliminate Weather Report. At the same time, Weather has regained his memory and his hatred for Pucci. In the streets, Pucci finally ambushes Weather and Anasui. To avoid Heavy Weather, Pucci makes himself blind and manages to grab Anasui, using him as his eyes. After a brief violent fight, Weather Report corners Pucci and almost kills him. However, a car incidentally crashes into the two twins. Pucci manages to stab Weather in the heart, while secretly using Whitesnake to extract his Stand disc. To escape he also disguises Donatello into himself, luring Jolyne away while he escapes to Cape Canaveral. In Cape Canaveral, Pucci begins to feel his Stand turning into something else entirely. He eventually awakens C-Moon, which manipulates the surrounding gravity, and Pucci becomes the center of a gravitic anomaly. When the Joestar Group and Ermes arrive at Cape Canaveral, Pucci hides and sends C-Moon battle them. Although C-Moon proves to be dangerous, Jolyne's experience allows her to take advantage. Pucci is forced to reveal himself and personally pilot it. Using himself, he puts Jolyne at a disadvantage and has C-Moon strike Jolyne at the heart. Jolyne "falls" away from him, and Pucci is sure of his victory. However, Jolyne survived thanks to Stone Free and continues to battle him. Pucci grabs a gun, but Jotaro Kujo freezes time and uses his stand to punch Pucci. Jotaro and Ermes have rejoined with the group and Pucci finds himself cornered. At this moment, he realizes that his condition allows him to recreate the exact environmental conditions needed to awaken the ultimate power. Pucci gravitates to a space shuttle, even avoiding a spear thrown by Jotaro, thanks to a lingering ability to move in the time-stop, and subsequently evolves his Stand further. The priest now commands Made in Heaven and begins the next step of his plan. Pucci accelerates time, causing chaos across the earth as all living beings are left lagging behind. Pucci's time acceleration gives him a great edge in battle, but Star Platinum's time-stop still represents a danger. Pucci carefully corners the group on a roof but his attempt to slit Jotaro's throat is thwarted by Anasui's Diver Down which takes the brunt of the damage. The group then makes the mistake of going into the sea, where the waves allow Pucci to hide. During his second attempt, Pucci manages to force Jotaro in another dilemma and kills him by splitting his face in two. He quickly kills Ermes and Anasui, but Jolyne confronts him a final time which results in Emporio managing to escape. During the struggle, Jolyne manages to cut Pucci's left eye. Nonetheless, he finishes her off and Pucci brings about the end of the universe. Emporio now has the power to fight Pucci. The priest accelerates time, but collapses to the ground; Emporio has manipulated the oxygen level of the atmosphere and turned Pucci's power against him by accelerating his oxygen poisoning. Pucci angrily demands that Emporio stop Weather Report from killing him, saying that his ideal world for humanity's happiness would be ruined, only to be told by Emporio that he lost to "fate" and that it's the true path of justice before finally being beaten to death by Weather Report. His universe then resets into an alternate timeline, in which Jolyne and company meet up coincidentally and the Joestar bloodline survives. It is unknown what happened to Pucci afterward, it may either imply that he has been erased in the alternative universe or might have been "revived" with an alternate counterpart of his own. Pucci makes his first video game appearance in All Star Battle and is the only villain playable from Part 6, voiced by Shou Hayami, who had voiced another follower of DIO, Vanilla Ice in the Capcom fighting game. He was confirmed for the game alongside Dio Brando (Part 1). Along with Hol Horse, Kosaku-Kira, Johnny Joestar, Koichi Hirose and Giorno Giovanna, Pucci is a character who can utilize more than one Stand during a match as part of his moveset and is the only character who can utilize three Stands. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Pucci can turn his Stands on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with C-Moon only. Stand Rush Available to Pucci at all times, regardless of his current Stand: Pucci begins the battle with Whitesnake. While Whitesnake is off: While Whitesnake is on: Pucci's HHA, "So it was already done...", is only available with Whitesnake. Pucci and Whitesnake fly forward at the opponent. If they connect, Whitesnake will steal the opponent's DISC and roundhouse-kick them away. So it was already done... When Pucci steals the opponent's DISC via "It's mine!" or his HHA, abilities pertaining to their Style and the Style Button are locked away in the form of "the DISC"; Ripple Users cannot use "Ripple Breath", nor enhance their skills; Dio Brando cannot use "I'll suck you dry! "; The Pillar Men cannot activate their respective Modes; Stand Users cannot summon their Stands; Mounted Style Users cannot call for their horses. "The DISC" will be in Pucci's possession until the opponent hits him, causing it to drop in front of him. Pucci can retrieve the DISC to keep the opponent's Style locked, or the opponent can pick it up and restore their abilities. the DISC If Pucci fills the Green Baby Gauge completely by way of the use of the "14 words", the Green Baby will fuse with Whitesnake, evolving it into C-Moon as a special animation plays. Pucci's appearance is altered and his abilities will change accordingly. While C-Moon is off: While C-Moon is on: Pucci's GHA, "Made in Heaven", is only available with C-Moon. Pucci, using C-Moon's gravity-altering ability, attempts to float on debris skyward. If uninterrupted, bright light with bathe Pucci completely, shining out of different parts of his body including his eyes. In a bright flash, Made in Heaven comes out of him, and Pucci and his newfound Stand quickly zip around the sky in streaks of light before landing, prepared to fight. Made in Heaven After evolving his Stand into Made in Heaven, the stage will move into outer space, with the stage walls and background being a road made out of light representing the rapidly changing universe, making this the only possible stage to be played without being a regular stage. Pucci enters "Made in Heaven Mode". In this mode, the battle timer will tick twice as fast, Pucci will move at double his speed, and the opponent's own speed is halved, effectively leaving Pucci moving at four times the speed of his opponent. Made in Heaven Mode While Pucci can turn Made in Heaven off, it will only leave him with his regular attacks; All of Pucci's new moves are only available when Made in Heaven is on. The only character who does not suffer this slow-down effect is Giorno Giovanna with Gold Experience in Requiem Mode. Made in Heaven is not entirely infallible. If he is somehow struck by Kosaku-Kira's Bites the Dust GHA, Pucci's Stand will revert all the way back to Whitesnake, the stage will be restored back to what it was. Although Pucci is still able to regain C-Moon, Made in Heaven can only be activated once per battle, being permanently unavailable after Kosaku's GHA takes effect, or the round ends. Special animations performed by the opponent such as Throws, HHA, and GHA, temporarily return them to normal speed until the animation in question ends. Due to the quickened timer, it is not uncommon for the round to end via time-up. Pucci possesses one alternate costume, being the attire he wore as a 15-year old during his flashback talking to DIO. Alongside the others characters from Part 6, Pucci has a special intro against DIO, the same conversation they had in a flashback where DIO claimed that Pucci could easily steal DIO's Stand DISC, and The World with it. For the western version, he was named "Father Pucchi" and his Stands' names were changed to "Pale Snake", "Full Moon", and "Maiden Heaven", respectively. Pucci also appears as a background character at the Green Dolphin Street Prison stage and if the opponent were to be defeated near the gate where Pucci is standing, his Whitesnake will appear as a Situation Finish and steal the loser's Stand/Memory DISC similar to the chapter scene when Whitesnake obtains Jotaro's Stand DISC from Jolyne. This is assuming that Pucci himself is not one of the two fighters, otherwise, he will not appear and the Situation Finish is unavailable. Pucci with Whitesnake (simply "Enrico Pucci") was confirmed as a playable character alongside Jolyne, Ermes, and Weather Report. Whitesnake is unable to evolve, unlike the previous game. As a result, his move set is primarily based around the powers and attacks demonstrated before his merging with the Green Baby. Whitesnake Pucci cannot be paired with his New Moon form. As a Stand User, Pucci is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. Opponents hit by Pucci's various skills will be Sealed. While Sealed, they will randomly lose access to one of their skills. This effect can be applied multiple times, up to four; this translates to an opponent losing three of their normal skills and one of an EX skill. Also of note is that Pucci by default is immune to the effects of Weather Report's "The Devil's Rainbow! It's Heavy Weather!" skill. Sealed Pucci's original form does not appear in Story Mode, unlike THE WORLD Diego, and Part 4 and 6 Jotaro, all of whom briefly appear during the game's ending sequence. Instead, New Moon Pucci is the one to be involved in the game's storyline, set after his transformation and during the final battle at Cape Canaveral. He is paired with Akira Otoishi in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Weather Report and "Kosaku Kawajiri". Pucci with C-Moon and subsequently, Made in Heaven, is now a separate playable character, and was confirmed alongside Anasui, Josuke Higashikata 8, and Joshu Higashikata. His name is titled Pucci Waits For the Time of the New Moon, commonly shortened to New Moon Pucci and dubbed "Pucchi, Awaiting the New Moon" in the English localization. New Moon Pucci cannot be paired with his original form possessing Whitesnake. Pucci Waits For the Time of the New Moon New Moon Pucci Pucchi, Awaiting the New Moon This version of Pucci appears in the game's story mode. He is first seen with Pet Shop, sent to kill Part 3 Jotaro and his future daughter Jolyne at Cape Canaveral in order to prevent them from gathering any more of the Saint Corpse Parts. However, the two retreat when they are defeated by the father-daughter team. Later, after the Joestar Group encounters Heaven Ascension DIO, Pucci confronts Jotaro again at the Joestar Mansion, sending Enya the Hag's zombies after him before fighting Jotaro himself. Even with the assistance of zombies, Pucci is defeated once again. Knowing that Joseph Joestar will inevitably use Hermit Purple to extract his knowledge of The World Over Heaven's ability and weakness, Pucci makes his final commitment to his lord DIO, and jumps from the second story floor of the mansion. He impales himself on the Statue of the Goddes of Love and perishes to keep his master safe, recreating the original Dio Brando's first defeat by Jonathan Joestar. With C-Moon, Pucci can perform various attacks that turn his opponents inside-out. While in effect, affected opponents will very gradually lose health as blood continuously seeps out of their torso, with no way to manually undo the effect aside from losing a health gauge or getting hit by C-Moon's attacks a second time. The only character immune to this effect is Jolyne while her "Bring it on right until the end!" skill is active. inside-out With Made in Heaven, Pucci gains incredible speed and power due to the Stand's abilities, being able to deal many hits and cover a large amount of ground in a short amount of time.

Stand Name: Whitesnake is the Stand of Enrico Pucci, featured in Stone Ocean. Despite being controlled by Pucci, Whitesnake moves with its own sense of self-awareness and will often portray a cold, scornful, and hateful personality. It acts as Pucci's mouthpiece and avatar throughout Green Dolphin Street Prison, serving to enforce his dominance over the other guards and personnel while Pucci himself watches from afar. As a long-distance Stand, Whitesnake possesses an extended range (about 20 meters), allowing its user, Enrico Pucci, to act undetected within the boundaries of Green Dolphin Street Prison. Despite this, it displays strength similar to that of close-range Stands and is capable of performing precise and deadly movements like stabbing Diver Down and Foo Fighters with its hands, due to having its own strong ego. It's strong enough to fight Stands like Stone Free head-on, though not necessarily overpower them. Thus, Pucci relies on Whitesnake's esoteric set of powers to ambush enemies and take them down in one strike. Whitesnake can produce an acid that slowly digests objects like stomach acid. It is first shown to constantly exude this acid and even take a partially molten form to hide, though this is only used once. While dissolving, targets of this attack are distracted in a delusional dream-state. A person trapped in the dream may wake up from it by noticing discrepancies between the dream and established reality. The melting portion of the ability requires a significant amount of time to use effectively, reflected in the "D" in its speed parameter. Later, Whitesnake is shown creating sophisticated illusions to disguise itself as other people, having at one point impersonated Weather Report to ambush the Joestar Group and approach the Green Baby. Whitesnake's primary ability is to manipulate spirits through the use of special DISCS. Whitesnake can first and foremost extract a portion or the entirety of a person's psyche out of their bodies in the form of tangible DISCS and then put them into people. To do so, Whitesnake must touch its victim and take the time to physically "extract" the disc from them; as such, partial extraction is ineffective. There are two main types of DISCS: Memory Discs contain a person's memory and Stand Discs contain a person's Stand. Discs may be inserted into another person's head, allowing them to either freely consult the memories inside or use the corresponding Stand, much like the original user. Pucci can use this mechanic to force a detrimental power into someone, for example putting a water-boiling Stand DISC inside Foo Fighters despite its dependency on the water to survive. In certain instances, those with inserted discs can eject them, presumably through enough force to the head. People whose Stand and Memory discs are extracted will fall unconscious and may die, their bodily functions stopping and having to be maintained through machines. Putting a Memory Disc back inside their rightful owner will restore them, however, the same does not apply with Stand Discs. A Stand User with only a Stand Disc can regain consciousness and be capable of learning, but the loss of their will to live results in muscle atrophy and eventual death of the body. Weather Report is an exception to this degradation for unknown reasons. Whitesnake also demonstrates the ability to insert and extract Discs of miscellaneous use. Discs can contain instructions the host will instinctively obey without question, and enables them to do seemingly impossible feats like exploding, showcasing the power of suggestion over a physical body. Pucci has also inserted a music CD into Guccio's head, causing him to function as a music player. Whitesnake is shown to be able to extract senses, depriving Pucci of his sight, for instance, to protect him from Heavy Weather.

Stand User: The Green Baby is a minor, key character featured in Stone Ocean. The Green Baby is a unique creature made of DIO's bone and a multitude of souls. Its birth represents an advanced stage in the plan agreed between DIO and Enrico Pucci, as outlined in DIO's diary. The baby also happens to be a Stand User, and is automatically protected by Green, Green Grass of Home. The Green Baby seems largely innocent, like a human baby. It is curious and shows interest in Jolyne's birthmark. The Green Baby's Stand causes the size of perceived threats who approach it to proportionally shrink the closer they get to the Green Baby. This effect can continue endlessly, even to the point where the target will seemingly vanish from existence. A strange creature, the Green Baby was born from DIO's bone after it absorbed the souls of thirty-six convicts. DIO's bone began by infecting convicts by touching them. Those infected sought out the sun and slowly germinated into plants. Thirty six people in total were infected. It was during this time that the gang: composed of Jolyne, Anasui and Foo Fighters, came across the bone. When Jolyne tried to stop the bone carrier, a random infected person, she herself became infected. After being exposed to sunlight, Anasui concluded that the plant must only bloom in sunlight. Jolyne, knowing this, still jumped in to grab the newly forming Green Baby. Soon after, D an G's invincible automatic Stand Yo-Yo Ma swallowed the shell containing the Green Baby, forcing Jolyne and Anasui to accompany Yo-Yo Ma while Foo Fighters hunted down D an G. After D an G was killed, the Green Baby hatched, removing Jolyne's plant infection due to no longer needing the plants to grow. Anasui and Jolyne then hunt down the Green Baby as it wanders away. Unfortunately they discover that the Green Baby has a Stand which shrinks anything that approaches it. As Jolyne attempts to foil the ability, Green, Green Grass of Home appears to defend the Green Baby and reduce all threats to nothing. After a long fight, Anasui manages to trap the Stand within a bottle, using Diver Down to help him and Jolyne escape the bottle. Unfortunately, while they are still diminished in size, the Green Baby kicks the bottle towards the two, nearly crushing Anasui, before Jolyne breaks the bottle and the baby cancels its ability due to a newly found interest in Jolyne and her Joestar family birthmark. Shortly after this, they are tailed by Pucci, whom eliminates Foo Fighters and incapacitates Anasui. Jolyne sets out to fight Pucci and stop him, but Pucci tosses Jotaro's memory disc into a dying Anasui, which leaves Jolyne with the threat that Jotaro's disc will be lost with Anasui. Jolyne goes after the disc, to Pucci's joy, which allows him to utter the fourteen words to the Green Baby. The baby quickly reacts and rips at Pucci's arm, dragging him into the bushes violently to fuse with him.

Stand Name: Green, Green Grass of Home is the Stand of the Green Baby, featured in Stone Ocean. Green, Green Grass of Home automatically protects its user, the Green Baby, through its esoteric power. Although it is small by nature, if a perceived enemy approaches the Green Baby enough, it will eventually tower over them, making any inherent difference irrelevant. Green, Green Grass of Home is rather cunning and is shown to exploit its power and the environment around it to its advantage in order to kill its enemies. Green, Green Grass of Home causes everything around the Green Baby to shrink the closer they are to it. Should a person get close enough to the vanishing point, at a point close to the child, Green, Green Grass of Home will manifest itself and attack them. Although it can force its victim onto the Green Baby, supposedly attempting to wipe the person from existence as they vanish into an infinitely small size, it can eventually resort to killing target through more conventional means, such as using its towering size compared to the shrunken victim to crush them. If the Baby becomes interested in something or someone and goes to pick it up or touch them, they will automatically return to their normal size.

Stand User: Josuke Higashikata is the protagonist of Diamond is Unbreakable and the fourth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Josuke is a high school first-year residing in the town of Morioh. He soon meets Jotaro Kujo, who informs him that he is Joseph Joestar's illegitimate son. After his grandfather dies, Josuke takes it upon himself to protect his beloved town from malevolent Stand users. Josuke wields Crazy Diamond, a powerful Stand with the power to repair almost anything. Josuke is a tall, handsome young man of average build. He wears a small stud in each ear. The feature most important to him is his well-maintained pompadour, styled after that of an unknown man who saved his life as a child. His pompadour has a tendency to become spiky with his mood, such as when he is irritated or angry. Josuke wears a dark, modified Japanese school uniform. His jacket conforms to his body, extending to the middle of his thigh, accompanied by a pair of wide-legged pants. He keeps his jacket unbuttoned and pinned aside, revealing a light undershirt with a short zipper on each side of his chest. Josuke wears a number of metallic/golden emblems. On the left of his collar, he wears a modified anchor, and on his right a row of two small hearts. Pinning his open jacket to his chest on his right is a peace sign, and on the left is a heart (occasionally enclosing a palm, like on Jotaro's hat). He wears a gold band at both wrists, above his sleeves (under more elaborate pieces in several illustrations). A man with expensive taste, Josuke wears Mr. Junko original socks, ¥25,000 black Bally shoes and Moschino brand underwear. Josuke's most common color scheme consists of either a dark blue or purple uniform and a green or yellow undershirt. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Josuke is a savvy, confident and courageous teenager. Friendly and loyal, his amiable personality helps him make friends throughout the story. Josuke's primary trait is his overall kindness, reflected in his Stand, Crazy Diamond, which repairs and heals. When he was a child, a random bystander helped save a feverish Josuke out of kindness, Josuke subconsciously reflected that kindness in him. Even upon the revelation that he was Joseph's bastard son, Josuke had thought first and foremost about the troubles he's caused to the Joestars and disregarded any claim for a heritage, only wanting to reassure his biological father that he was doing fine. Agreeable by nature, Josuke isn't as prone to violence as other JoJos and can even calmly tolerate bullying by upperclassmen or Shigechi's selfishness. Josuke is loyal to his friends and loved ones; risking his life after Koichi is hit by Keicho's Bow, and carrying Okuyasu's body while apparently dead throughout the first part of his battle with Yoshikage Kira. When his grandfather died, Josuke took it upon himself to become the protector of Morioh. Upon meeting someone in not particularly antagonistic circumstances, Josuke will generally be polite and friendly. Overall, Josuke behaves like a teenager, and aside from his general goal of protecting Morioh from any Stand menace, is concerned by more down to earth matters, such as hanging out with his friends. As a consequence, Josuke is almost never seen alone in the streets of Morioh. Josuke passively protects his town, and only acts when directly asked by the much more proactive Jotaro or when he directly encounters a Stand user. Curious, Josuke is quick to investigate any unusual phenomenon, which often leads him into a Stand User. Josuke is very prone to openly communicate his feelings, either expressing amazement, amusement, fear and anger thus he appears as a goofy individual. Sufficiently humble, Josuke confesses to being nervous around famous people, opting not to go with Koichi to first meet Rohan Kishibe due to his great fame as a mangaka. Josuke also has a fear of turtles, and has tried to touch a turtle to get rid of that fear. Josuke isn't shy to admit his limits, and has confessed that he doesn't know much about manga, or isn't good at videogames, even though he isn't happy to have someone know these factoids. In the same way, Josuke tries to live up to Jotaro, whom he admires, and has been nervous around him for fear of not living up to the task Jotaro entrusted to him. He has also shown a mild fear of ghosts (in the beginning), as shown when Koichi wonders if he saw a ghost in the house next to Josuke's, and Josuke nervously tells him to cut it out. However, in a fight, Josuke is much more calm, and has unshakable confidence in Crazy Diamond, but his confidence doesn't extend to himself, as Josuke can still be nervous if things don't go his way. Additionally, Terunosuke Miyamoto is able to reveal that in terms of body language, Josuke's first unconscious reaction when unsure is to bite his lip. In general, his attitude will mix calmness and goofiness, and Josuke can switch between a taunting one-liner and a serene assertion of the situation. Josuke is occasionally distracted in a fight, often reflecting on the silliness of the situation he's currently in or trying to act cool. Even if Josuke is gentle by nature, he has no qualm about violently pummeling an enemy, and in the case someone has hurt or endangered a family member, Josuke will be even more vindictive, as he fused Angelo with a rock and Terunosuke with a book. Josuke has a tangential respect of the law at best, having inherited his father's mischevious side, shown primarily in regards to winning money. After nearly emptying his bank account on frivolous spendings, Josuke has been trying to get extra money in quick fashion. When he and Okuyasu meet Shigechi, he quickly devises a plan to exploit Shigechi's Stand Harvest to find first discarded change, and then discarded coupons from all over Morioh, going as far as commit felony to earn the money in a winning ticket. Similarly, after meeting Mikitaka Hazekura, he takes advantage of his shape-shifting Stand power, convincing him to turn into dice in order to cheat money from Rohan, with whom he has a bad relationship. Lastly, characterized as a knowing gesture, he steals Joseph's wallet with his Stand by restoring it to his possession with a piece of a picture planted there. The fact that his Stand can nearly repair or heal anything means that Josuke can get away with destruction of property or endangering someone, thus he isn't really concerned about the legal ramifications of his actions, since they will be without consequences, at least for him. When it comes to women, he is moderate between Joseph and Jotaro. He does not flirt relentlessly and is not perverted like Joseph, but when the girls near him express interest in him, he is flattered and has shown to get along quite well with his female classmates and admirers. He does not shoo them away like Jotaro but doesn't relentlessly flirt or pursue any. When Jotaro asks Josuke to go hunting, Josuke initially believes he means hunting for girls and says with a blush and smile that he is more of a love kind of guy. However, he seems to be willing to hit them if they are the enemy as he threatened to kill Yukako if she tried to do anything to Koichi, whom she was obsessed with. While he does express interest in women, it is not his main priority. As a catchphrase, Josuke often says "Great" in English. He also displays an odd quirk whenever he pronounces the Japanese phrase kakkoii, a masculine compliment essentially meaning "cool", where he will always pronounce it weirdly like "Kappyoii" or "Kacchoii." These mispronunciations are translated as "kewl" in the English Crunchyroll subtitles. In a quintessential idiosyncrasy, Josuke takes a hyper-sensitive reaction to comments at all disparaging of his hairstyle; which Koichi interprets as Josuke reacting to insults towards his savior, although Josuke personally claims he doesn't know the reason for his wrath. After an insult, Josuke automatically enters a blind rage regardless of the circumstances and interlocutors, and becomes much more rude and violent. Firstly, a swaggering upperclassman to whom Josuke initially defers is punched and stepped on, before his nose is restored by Crazy Diamond improperly and indefinitely, due to Josuke's mood. Later, during his fight with Rohan, in an attempt to manipulate Josuke into gazing upon his Stand by openly taunting him about his hair, Josuke goes berserk; landing Rohan in the hospital for one month of hiatus. Josuke's Stand, Crazy Diamond, can restore objects (and organisms) to a previous state in their history. It is able to repair damage and heal injuries. It can also revert an item to its components (e.g. a wooden table into lumber). With this, Crazy Diamond may perform a range of interesting feats; including trapping (parts of) an enemy by restoring pieces of a broken object around it; and tracking, such as by restoring a torn piece of clothing, which seeks to reattach itself. However, this Stand is not without limits: Crazy Diamond can only restore state, not life, hence a lifeless body would still remain dead even after being "fixed" by Crazy Diamond's power. Also, the healing power cannot be used on Josuke himself, or strictly speaking, anything that can be considered a part of his current self, body or even his own clothes. Josuke shows great proficiency at using Crazy Diamond in combat. Thanks to its great physical prowess, Josuke can use Crazy Diamond's fists to perform outside the box tactics such as breaking through a wall to escape an attack. Moreover, he has been shown to throw projectiles with great efficiency thanks to his Stand's sheer strength and precision. Additionally, Josuke has been shown to use his seemingly restricted power for a wide array of tactical goals. Crazy Diamond's power of repairing anything makes Josuke a great healer as long as he can reach his allies before they die and he works exceptionally well with a partner as a result. Because he can break objects and repair them, Josuke is liberal in breaking anything to get something he wants such as a more favorable position or a key item like fuel for a motorcycle, use a precious item as leverage, or even destroy his motorcycle to avoid a baby carriage; he then repairs anything he's broken, cancelling any consequence his antics would have. Josuke can easily exploit the environment to his advantage thanks to Crazy Diamond. His ability to repair makes it so he can manipulate the environment to a certain point, creating a shield out of concrete, and lay down a trap with an object's broken pieces only to repair it around an enemy. The deadliness of his projectile is also increased as he can create a boomerang effect by forcing a piece to come back to him, hitting an enemy from behind. Josuke is shrewd, confident and courageous, possessing considerable fluid intelligence and a will to win; like his father. Intelligence: Josuke is extremely quick to get on his feet under almost any circumstance, as he is very aware of the immediate surrounding as well as his own capabilities. He is proficient in utilizing anything he has within reach for dealing with problems at hand, and is also shown to be capable of planning several steps ahead by reading opponent's behavior and habit. Josuke is very confident of his abilities to the point of claiming that there is nothing Crazy Diamond (indirectly referring to himself) can't fix, and expresses mild disappointment after figuring out what he thought would have been one such problem. As a result of his intellect, Josuke can be quite cunning; manipulating, lying and cheating others occasionally to achieve certain selfish goals. Physical fineness: Josuke possesses substantial athletic ability. He has been shown once to have successfully chased down a moving bus over long distances completely on foot, and can handle a heavy motorbike effortlessly for the first and only time riding it, while achieving many otherwise professional feats during a high-speed chase in attempts to avoid direct contacts with the enemy chasing after him. The most well known demonstration of Josuke's physical toughness is shown when he withstands exposure to several explosions generated by Yoshikage Kira's Killer Queen, sustaining heavy injuries and blood loss but remaining conscious enough to think of countermeasures and tactics. This section requires expansion. Josuke Higashikata is the protagonist of Diamond is Unbreakable and the fourth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Josuke Higashikata Josuke is a high school first-year residing in the town of Morioh. He soon meets Jotaro Kujo, who informs him that he is Joseph Joestar's illegitimate son. After his grandfather dies, Josuke takes it upon himself to protect his beloved town from malevolent Stand users. Josuke wields Crazy Diamond, a powerful Stand with the power to repair almost anything. Josuke is a savvy, confident and courageous teenager. Friendly and loyal, his amiable personality helps him make friends throughout the story. Josuke's primary trait is his overall kindness, reflected in his Stand, Crazy Diamond, which repairs and heals. When he was a child, a random bystander helped save a feverish Josuke out of kindness, Josuke subconsciously reflected that kindness in him. Even upon the revelation that he was Joseph's bastard son, Josuke had thought first and foremost about the troubles he's caused to the Joestars and disregarded any claim for a heritage, only wanting to reassure his biological father that he was doing fine. Agreeable by nature, Josuke isn't as prone to violence as other JoJos and can even calmly tolerate bullying by upperclassmen or Shigechi's selfishness. Josuke is loyal to his friends and loved ones; risking his life after Koichi is hit by Keicho's Bow, and carrying Okuyasu's body while apparently dead throughout the first part of his battle with Yoshikage Kira. When his grandfather died, Josuke took it upon himself to become the protector of Morioh. Upon meeting someone in not particularly antagonistic circumstances, Josuke will generally be polite and friendly. Overall, Josuke behaves like a teenager, and aside from his general goal of protecting Morioh from any Stand menace, is concerned by more down to earth matters, such as hanging out with his friends. As a consequence, Josuke is almost never seen alone in the streets of Morioh. Josuke passively protects his town, and only acts when directly asked by the much more proactive Jotaro or when he directly encounters a Stand user. Curious, Josuke is quick to investigate any unusual phenomenon, which often leads him into a Stand User. Josuke is very prone to openly communicate his feelings, either expressing amazement, amusement, fear and anger thus he appears as a goofy individual. Sufficiently humble, Josuke confesses to being nervous around famous people, opting not to go with Koichi to first meet Rohan Kishibe due to his great fame as a mangaka. Josuke also has a fear of turtles, and has tried to touch a turtle to get rid of that fear. Josuke isn't shy to admit his limits, and has confessed that he doesn't know much about manga, or isn't good at videogames, even though he isn't happy to have someone know these factoids. In the same way, Josuke tries to live up to Jotaro, whom he admires, and has been nervous around him for fear of not living up to the task Jotaro entrusted to him. He has also shown a mild fear of ghosts (in the beginning), as shown when Koichi wonders if he saw a ghost in the house next to Josuke's, and Josuke nervously tells him to cut it out. However, in a fight, Josuke is much more calm, and has unshakable confidence in Crazy Diamond, but his confidence doesn't extend to himself, as Josuke can still be nervous if things don't go his way. Additionally, Terunosuke Miyamoto is able to reveal that in terms of body language, Josuke's first unconscious reaction when unsure is to bite his lip. In general, his attitude will mix calmness and goofiness, and Josuke can switch between a taunting one-liner and a serene assertion of the situation. Josuke is occasionally distracted in a fight, often reflecting on the silliness of the situation he's currently in or trying to act cool. Even if Josuke is gentle by nature, he has no qualm about violently pummeling an enemy, and in the case someone has hurt or endangered a family member, Josuke will be even more vindictive, as he fused Angelo with a rock and Terunosuke with a book. Josuke has a tangential respect of the law at best, having inherited his father's mischevious side, shown primarily in regards to winning money. After nearly emptying his bank account on frivolous spendings, Josuke has been trying to get extra money in quick fashion. When he and Okuyasu meet Shigechi, he quickly devises a plan to exploit Shigechi's Stand Harvest to find first discarded change, and then discarded coupons from all over Morioh, going as far as commit felony to earn the money in a winning ticket. Similarly, after meeting Mikitaka Hazekura, he takes advantage of his shape-shifting Stand power, convincing him to turn into dice in order to cheat money from Rohan, with whom he has a bad relationship. Lastly, characterized as a knowing gesture, he steals Joseph's wallet with his Stand by restoring it to his possession with a piece of a picture planted there. The fact that his Stand can nearly repair or heal anything means that Josuke can get away with destruction of property or endangering someone, thus he isn't really concerned about the legal ramifications of his actions, since they will be without consequences, at least for him. When it comes to women, he is moderate between Joseph and Jotaro. He does not flirt relentlessly and is not perverted like Joseph, but when the girls near him express interest in him, he is flattered and has shown to get along quite well with his female classmates and admirers. He does not shoo them away like Jotaro but doesn't relentlessly flirt or pursue any. When Jotaro asks Josuke to go hunting, Josuke initially believes he means hunting for girls and says with a blush and smile that he is more of a love kind of guy. However, he seems to be willing to hit them if they are the enemy as he threatened to kill Yukako if she tried to do anything to Koichi, whom she was obsessed with. While he does express interest in women, it is not his main priority. As a catchphrase, Josuke often says "Great" in English. He also displays an odd quirk whenever he pronounces the Japanese phrase kakkoii, a masculine compliment essentially meaning "cool", where he will always pronounce it weirdly like "Kappyoii" or "Kacchoii." These mispronunciations are translated as "kewl" in the English Crunchyroll subtitles. Josuke's Stand, Crazy Diamond, can restore objects (and organisms) to a previous state in their history. It is able to repair damage and heal injuries. It can also revert an item to its components (e.g. a wooden table into lumber). With this, Crazy Diamond may perform a range of interesting feats; including trapping (parts of) an enemy by restoring pieces of a broken object around it; and tracking, such as by restoring a torn piece of clothing, which seeks to reattach itself. However, this Stand is not without limits: Crazy Diamond can only restore state, not life, hence a lifeless body would still remain dead even after being "fixed" by Crazy Diamond's power. Also, the healing power cannot be used on Josuke himself, or strictly speaking, anything that can be considered a part of his current self, body or even his own clothes. Josuke shows great proficiency at using Crazy Diamond in combat. Thanks to its great physical prowess, Josuke can use Crazy Diamond's fists to perform outside the box tactics such as breaking through a wall to escape an attack. Moreover, he has been shown to throw projectiles with great efficiency thanks to his Stand's sheer strength and precision. Additionally, Josuke has been shown to use his seemingly restricted power for a wide array of tactical goals. Crazy Diamond's power of repairing anything makes Josuke a great healer as long as he can reach his allies before they die and he works exceptionally well with a partner as a result. Because he can break objects and repair them, Josuke is liberal in breaking anything to get something he wants such as a more favorable position or a key item like fuel for a motorcycle, use a precious item as leverage, or even destroy his motorcycle to avoid a baby carriage; he then repairs anything he's broken, cancelling any consequence his antics would have. Josuke can easily exploit the environment to his advantage thanks to Crazy Diamond. His ability to repair makes it so he can manipulate the environment to a certain point, creating a shield out of concrete, and lay down a trap with an object's broken pieces only to repair it around an enemy. The deadliness of his projectile is also increased as he can create a boomerang effect by forcing a piece to come back to him, hitting an enemy from behind. Josuke is shrewd, confident and courageous, possessing considerable fluid intelligence and a will to win; like his father. Intelligence: Josuke is extremely quick to get on his feet under almost any circumstance, as he is very aware of the immediate surrounding as well as his own capabilities. He is proficient in utilizing anything he has within reach for dealing with problems at hand, and is also shown to be capable of planning several steps ahead by reading opponent's behavior and habit. Josuke is very confident of his abilities to the point of claiming that there is nothing Crazy Diamond (indirectly referring to himself) can't fix, and expresses mild disappointment after figuring out what he thought would have been one such problem. As a result of his intellect, Josuke can be quite cunning; manipulating, lying and cheating others occasionally to achieve certain selfish goals. Intelligence Physical fineness: Josuke possesses substantial athletic ability. He has been shown once to have successfully chased down a moving bus over long distances completely on foot, and can handle a heavy motorbike effortlessly for the first and only time riding it, while achieving many otherwise professional feats during a high-speed chase in attempts to avoid direct contacts with the enemy chasing after him. The most well known demonstration of Josuke's physical toughness is shown when he withstands exposure to several explosions generated by Yoshikage Kira's Killer Queen, sustaining heavy injuries and blood loss but remaining conscious enough to think of countermeasures and tactics. Physical fineness

Stand Name: Crazy Diamond is the Stand of Josuke Higashikata, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Crazy Diamond has no personality apart from seeming angry during fights and shouting its Stand Cry "DORARARA ..."; similar yet uniquely distinct from that of Stands belonging to other Joestars. Likely due to Josuke's own gentle yet rough nature, when treating living things, Crazy Diamond will open its hands to gently touch the target, while during urgent moments or repairing inorganic substances, it will strike with its fist. Crazy Diamond is a Close-Range Stand, which like Jotaro Kujo's Star Platinum, is characterized by its physical might and speed at the cost of a short range of 2 meters. Its basic characteristics are: Thus, Crazy Diamond is a powerful Stand in close-quarter combat whose capabilities are enhanced by its unconventional power of repairing broken items, making it a redoubtable and unpredictable Stand in a fight, but also an invaluable fighting partner as it can effectively heal any wound. Crazy Diamond's unique ability is to restore or revert objects or organisms to a previous state in their history through touch. It can repair damage, heal injuries, revert chemical changes and complex structures to their raw components (e.g. a table into its constituent timber). It may also fuse objects, for example, a person with a rock (as with villain Anjuro Katagiri). When restoring a divided object, the user is able to control which part acts as the starting points for the rest to gather towards. Feats of this nature include trapping an enemy by restoring pieces of a broken crate around him; exposing a Stand formerly bound to an object; and tracking by restoring a severed hand, forcing it to seek out and reattach itself to the body from which it was cut off. If this ability is used while Josuke is in a foul mood, its target may become warped as a result of improper restoration. Crazy Diamond cannot heal its user, cure illnesses (as victims are not considered damaged), retrieve things erased by The Hand, or restore life to a dead organism.

Stand User: Magent Magent is a minor antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. Magent Magent is one of Funny Valentine's henchmen. Partnered with Wekapipo, he attacks Johnny Joestar and Gyro Zeppeli during the 6th stage for the possession of the Saint's Corpse's Legs. Magent is a Stand User who wields the invulnerable 20th Century Boy. Magent Magent is presented as an affable and genial henchman to Funny Valentine, trying to bond with his new partner Wekapipo through idle chat or questionable jokes. However, he is quickly exasperated by Wekapipo's gloomy attitude and comes to hate him for leaving him behind in the cold. In contrast to Wekapipo's more dignified manners, Magent has several bad habits such as licking his own snot, or is quick to express nervousness or frustration during his battles. Magent's unprofessional behavior also causes him to botch most of his actions, such as when he wastes time taunting and threatening Wekapipo during their battle and allows the latter to counterattack and win. Magent Magent supposedly has a nasal, gravelly and thus irritating voice. This is represented by his lines tending to be written phonetically rather than the more usual style. Magent Magent has a fondness for airplanes, marvelling at their potential for crossing great distances in a short time. After being left for dead in the frozen wilderness, he also complains that airplanes weren't invented earlier so that his wounds could be treated earlier. Magent Magent can summon 20th Century Boy in order to become invulnerable to all harm, including explosions and drowning, as long as he adopts a kneeling position and puts his hands on the ground. When first seen, Magent Magent is alongside his partner in crime, Wekapipo, waiting to ambush Gyro and Johnny. His disgusting habits are commonly noted by his partner and upon battle he quickly shows his capabilities by disabling Gyro's steel balls with his defensive Stand. Getting carried away, Gyro is able to outwit him and heavily scars his face, figuring that Magent Magent is dead. This is later shown to be false when Magent Magent ambushes his ex-partner while trying to kill Steven Steel. Magent then wraps himself with dynamite in an attempt to blow Wekapipo up, but the impact sends him into a river where he preserves himself using 20th Century Boy as he hopelessly awaits rescue by Diego. He soon "stops thinking" as neither Diego, nor anyone else, comes to save him, leaving Magent to rest indefinitely at the bottom of the river. It is unclear whether his stand has the ability to make him immortal, leaving his ultimate fate unknown.

Stand Name: 20th Century Boy is the Stand of Magent Magent, featured in Steel Ball Run. 20th Century Boy has no special offensive capabilities, but its defense is exceptional. Although Magent Magent must be immobile in its invulnerable state, there is no way to bypass its defense. As a result, only sneak attacks and returning the immobility against Magent Magent are effective against him. Whenever Magent Magent activates 20th Century Boy and kneels to the ground, he becomes impervious to all damage. All energy and incoming projectiles are redirected away from Magent Magent into the earth or air, making him immune to any damage, be it from Stands attacks, Steel Balls, bullets or explosions. It even prevents Magent from other dangers like drowning. 20th Century Boy's ability has been explained as belts stretching out like earthing wires, and redirecting all the energy from enemy attacks into the ground. Demonstrated first against blows from Gyro's Steel Balls, this ability proves effective in the direct midst of attack when a bullet already beginning to pierce its user's face is deflected. The downside of this ability is how it is activated, requiring Magent Magent to expose himself or stay immobile. Thus, one can lure Magent into dropping his guard and know that he won't be able to react to sneak attacks fast enough, or take advantage of Magent's immobilization to tie him into a precarious situation and thus trap him.

Stand User: Lang Rangler is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Lang Rangler is an inmate of Green Dolphin Street Prison sent by Enrico Pucci to assassinate Jolyne Cujoh and Weather Report on their way to the prison courtyard in order to stop them from delivering Jotaro Kujo's Stand DISC to the Speedwagon Foundation. He is a Stand User and wields Jumpin' Jack Flash. Lang Rangler was imprisoned for hijacking and murder, stabbing a female professor sixty-nine times. A calculating individual, he evidences some arrogance; thinking that he is stronger than Whitesnake, and could or might take him out along with allies. Lang's Stand is Jumpin' Jack Flash, enabling him to effect targets with weightlessness; and with centrifuges at its wrists with which it controls improvised bullets. Lang also possesses suction cup-like fingertips as a natural ability of his own; affording him further advantage in weightlessness. Lang Rangler makes his first appearance when he is caught in a reflection and spotted by Weather Report whilst stalking Jolyne Cujoh, under orders from Whitesnake. Lang chases after her, Weather, and Emporio on all fours, trying to spit on Jolyne in order to activate his stand. They escape for the time being in a jacket using Burning Down The House, Jolyne heading to the factory to repair her boots. However, she is caught in Lang Rangler's anti-gravitational field and causing the stand disc of Jotaro Kujo, her father, to float out of her coat. Lang Rangler goes to grab it, taking advantage of the anti-gravity environment to deflect Jolyne's attempt to retrieve it and taking hold of the disc. He escapes further into the factory area, but is intercepted by Weather Report, whom he attacks using Jumpin' Jack Flash's centrifuges to fire scrap metal at him. When Weather Report neutralizes his attack, he tries to fight directly using his stand, but his arms burst into flames from the air resistance. To escape, he turns off the zero-gravity, leading to various appliances falling on Weather Report. Security alarms cause the hallways to begin to close, Lang Rangler firing projectiles against the wall to propel himself through the gate just before it closes. However, he is tailed by Jolyne and Weather into the main factory area. His stand's effect of having anything the affected touches become weightless starts to affect the air around Jolyne and Weather, quickly making them start to run out of air. He fires numerous projectiles at Jolyne while she's distracted with plugging up the holes in the area, but she deflects them using Stone Free. While looking for ammunition for his stand, he takes notice of Weather Report's use of condensed atmosphere to form protective oxygen suits for himself and Jolyne, and strafes around Weather Report, firing scrap metal at him. Jolyne deflects the projectiles towards Lang Rangler, but he redirects those with his own. The scrap metal richochets around the room until it hits an oil drum containing air, which flies across the room and crashes into Weather Report. Lang Rangler fires more scrap metal at Jolyne before she can reach Weather Report, but the deflected bullets hit two rats, who blind Jolyne with their blood as they explode. He fires more projectiles at Jolyne, intending to finish her off for good. As he starts to leave, he wonders if he could beat even Whitesnake with this power, but then notices Stone Free's string tied in his stand's centrifuges. She yanks him into range of his own stand, leaving him to writhe in the vacuum created by the effects of his attack. Reaching into one of the sneakers wrapped around his ankles, he takes disinfectant and manganese dioxide and mixes them together in a jar, creating pure oxygen. He throws it at Jolyne and breaks her protective suit, however, Weather gives up his own for her, causing him to think of an escape plan. Lang Rangler releases the zero-gravity field, but the rush of air brings Jolyne straight to him, as she delivers a punch-rush that sends him into the laundry basket, retiring him. Jolyne takes his entry pass for the courtyard and uses that, along with his hat, to open the door to the courtyard.

Stand Name: Jumpin' Jack Flash is the Stand of Lang Rangler, featured in Stone Ocean. Jumpin' Jack Flash is a powerful Stand relying on its crippling power of gravity removal to disable its victims and then harass them from afar until they die by themselves from the deadly environment they create. It is considerably dangerous and nearly impossible to defend against once set up. Only the cooperation of Weather Report's versatile power (which by itself could only temporarily counter its effects) and Jolyne's Stone Free could the two Stand Users defeat Lang Rangler. If Lang Rangler spits on someone, the victim becomes the center of a zero-gravity environment. Being spat on by Lang Rangler causes the victim to stop being subject to gravity as well as anything or anyone they touch. The sudden loss of gravity is crippling for the victims who are guaranteed to be disoriented. However, the most dangerous property of Jumpin' Jack Flash is that its power creates a chain reaction that causes the air in the nearby vicinity to become weightless. It eventually creates a vacuum of about 20 meters around the victim that threatens to suck away their blood from any wound and eventually causes the boiling of the bloodsteam long before suffocation sets in. In the vacuum, anything containing air becomes a potential explosive, which Lang uses to his advantage to propel shrapnel of various objects into his enemies. This vacuum is dangerous both for the victims and Lang, who must stay away from the victim. Lang himself can become weightless, but his better mastery of movement in a zero-gravity environment and the suction cups on the tips of his hands and feet to stick on walls make him nimble. Lang Rangler can freely toggle the weightlessness of particular objects and people. Jumpin' Jack Flash is armed with two centrifuges on each wrist that can store small objects such as screws and bolts and then turn at high speed, accumulating centrifugal energy inside the objects before launching them at enemies as bullets. The use of physical objects as ammunition means that Lang needs to reload them regularly. Lang uses the centrifuges in conjunction with the vacuum the victims create around them to slightly wound them and accelerate the blood loss. He is adept at shooting with the centrifuges and can even use rebounds to bypass defenses Lang Rangler can also summon the centrifuges directly on his wrists.

Stand User: Tiziano is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. As a member of Passione and by extension The Boss's Unita Speciale, Tiziano works with his partner Squalo in order to assassinate Team Bucciarati in Venice after the gang defects from Passione. Tiziano is a Stand User and commands Talking Head. Tiziano seems to have a deep bond with Squalo, taking hits from Narancia's Aerosmith to save him. While not canonically stated, it is implied that their relationship may have been a romantic one. Talking Head is a small octopus-like Stand, attaching itself to others' tongues and preventing them from telling, or otherwise directly communicating, the truth. Tiziano is introduced being surprised about Giorno restoring Narancia's tongue but states that even then, he had planted his Stand on Narancia's tongue through Squalo's Stand. Tiziano's Stand causes Narancia to tell lies and confuse his allies. However, Narancia finds them out via an attack on Squalo with Aerosmith, causing Squalo's heavier breathing to give the two away. Noticing the lack of a body of liquid preventing Squalo from calling his Stand to attack Narancia, Tiziano sacrifices himself to provide that liquid through his blood. Squalo and Narancia engage each other in a Standoff with their last attacks, with Narancia coming out as the victor.

Stand Name: Talking Head is the Stand of Tiziano, featured in Vento Aureo. Talking Head is a fragile remote-controlled Stand with no combative ability whatsoever (its Stand stats also indicate it has negligible speed and power), but is nonetheless useful as it can force a chosen victim to lie, enabling Tiziano to manipulate his enemies. To take effect, Talking Head must first latch onto the victim's tongue. While Talking Head is attached, the victim is automatically forced to tell lies: whether the victim speaks, writes, or gesticulates, they will always express something false. If Tiziano so desires, Talking Head can force a victim to speak up and tell lies or remain silent, depending on the victim's resilience Tiziano can also freely toggle Talking Head's power, suddenly enabling his victim to tell the truth at an opportune moment to better manipulate his targets. While partially controlled by Talking Head, the victims are fully aware that they are forced into lying. A savvy interlocutor may understand that something is wrong by watching the clearly distressed victim of Talking Head. Talking Head also has the ability to control and elongate the tongue of its victim. This is demonstrated when it uses Narancia's tongue to turn on bathroom sinks to draw the attention of Team Bucciarati, later snatching his knife out of his own hand and cutting him with it.

Stand User: Aya Tsuji is a supporting character featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. She features centrally in the arc Yukako Yamagishi Dreams of Cinderella and in a key role at the finale of Sheer Heart Attack. Aya Tsuji She is the manager of and sole aesthetician in the Cinderella beauty salon. When Yukako Yamagishi enters her salon, Aya modifies her face to be more attractive. Aya is a Stand User, and works through her Cinderella. However, she is strict on her beliefs and duties as a "fairy godmother" and feels that people who wish to change must show dedication, as shown when she was disappointed Yukako broke her promise to wear lipstick every 30 minutes to improve her luck of love, saying Yukako wasn't dedicated enough to find her love and shouldn't have underestimated her luck, even willing to have Yukako lose her fingerprints and eyes forever as punishment. However, she is just as capable of recognizing someone's worth, as shown when she recognizes Koichi's love for Yukako and agrees to give her back her face because she didn't want to involve or harm Koichi, who was an innocent person who got caught up in the fray. Aya rarely loses her cool even during life-threatening situations, as shown when Yukako attacked and threatened to kill her after her face began falling off. It is shown that she dislikes those who force her to use her Stand's abilities for selfish purposes, in her last words to Koichi Hirose. On a side note, she seems to like beautiful people as she seemed to enjoy looking at Yukako's face and examining her body. She ends many of her sentences sighing because she has low blood pressure. Aya's Stand is Cinderella, able to change a person's appearance in part or in total (normally in a beautifying way), either temporarily and conditionally, or permanently. Aya Tsuji is a talented aesthetician who won her cosmetic certificate in England, inspired by Cinderella's story, and won many cosmetic contests around the world. She opens a beauty salon called Cinderella in Morioh and, with her Stand Cinderella, helps women to bring love. Aya is introduced as a cosmetologist that helps women be loved by the person they love. Yukako Yamagishi, depressed that Koichi Hirose isn't interested in her, seeks the help of Aya to get a new face so that she will be able to charm Koichi. Aya claims that she will need to change Yukako's whole body to catch love, and to maintain the change she will need to use a lipstick every 30 minutes. Yukako discovers that Aya's ability comes from a Stand, but agrees nonetheless. Yukako, however, doesn't use the lipstick and has her face deformed as a result. Furious, Yukako returns to the salon to attack her, but Aya gives her the chance to restore her face if she can correctly identify her face among dozens of faces Cinderella has copied. Secretly, none of the faces are actually Yukako's. Suddenly, Koichi enters the shop after following Yukako and Yukako asks him to choose which face is hers, not caring which one he chooses in the end. Impressed by Koichi's genuine care for Yukako and willingness to go blind in exchange for picking the wrong face, Aya restores Yukako's appearance and smiles, knowing that she found love and found a man who would give her true love. Aya appears again after Josuke Higashikata's attempts to find Yoshikage Kira. Kira attacks Kosaku Kawajiri and drags him toward her store. He kills the man and forces her to switch their faces and fingerprints. The group finds a wounded Aya, turned into a bomb by Killer Queen, and she explodes after telling them that she switched his face. Similar to Daniel J. D'Arby in the previous game, Aya will guide the player through the Customize Mode menu.

Stand Name: Cinderella is the Stand of Aya Tsuji, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Cinderella's abilities are centered around cosmetic work and are exclusively used in that regard, it hasn't been shown to have any potential outside of Aya's work. To understand Cinderella, one must learn about physiognomy, a pseudo-science placing significance on one's facial features. Aya Tsuji exposes her belief that the fortune of an individual depends at least partially on their face. Thus by changing the face, specifically molding it into a "joyful face", Aya can effectively alter their fate and even choose what kind of love life her clients will have. This belief also applies to palmistry and podomancy among others. Cinderella is able to replace some parts of one's body by creating a replacement for it from the slots on its hand and then sliding the hand into the body to replace said part. Determining what a client should look like via a computer program, Aya can then modify whatever has to be modified at her leisure and because of the theory of physiognomy, change their love life in any way she's been paid to do. This is first seen performed on Yukako Yamagishi whose slight "Finding Love" enhancement causes her to accidentally have a date with Koichi. The client must remain immobile, or Aya may botch the replacement process. The effects are temporary and last only 30 minutes; Aya uses that weakness as a business tool to push her clients into coming back. Those whom the clients affect will feel an unexplainable attraction that may vary in intensity regardless of what they look like, but that will stop as soon as 30 minutes pass. Even an ugly woman with a joyful face has had her lover propose to her. For a "Capturing Love" enhancement, Koichi viewed Yukako as literally dazzling with beauty and events conspired to unite the two. Cinderella can also remove body parts from existing humans and place them on others, as done with Yoshikage Kira to disguise him from Josuke and Jotaro. In this case, the effects are permanent and persist even if Aya dies. Cinderella remembers every face it has beautified and as a result, can generate an exact template of one's former face, as well as generate a large amount of them, which will float around Cinderella. In the case someone wants to permanently modify themselves, several additional rules apply. Because altering one's fate properly and for a great amount of time requires a lot of energy, one must show the dedication to match. Thus after being modified, one must apply a special lipstick every 30 minutes for 24 hours except when sleeping to keep the enhancements. The lipstick acts like a protection that contains the energy necessary to change Fate. However, if the lipstick is not applied at the required point in time, it will deform the face of the recipient of the effect into ugliness as punishment for not keeping their word, then all modified body features will gradually disappear. Aya explains it as the failure of applying lipstick causing a leak of energy and thus the collapse of the body. However, Aya is able to fix the body if she wills it.

Stand User: Lucy Steel is a side character and ally featured in Steel Ball Run. Lucy is the wife of the Steel Ball Run race promoter, Steven Steel. She eventually discovers Funny Valentine's plan for the race and, fearing for her husband's safety, decides to cooperate with the Joestar Group. Lucy is an intelligent, gentle and courageous girl despite facing many dangerous situations. Already apparent in her childhood, Lucy's kindness pushed her to talk to a then derelict Steven Steel, being the first person to support him in his idea of organizing a horserace and also suggesting that it had an enormous scale by making it go across the United States and having a prize in the millions. When Steven repaid her kindness by preventing the mafia from taking her away, Lucy was deeply grateful to Steven, developing a deep relationship with him although it would remain platonic despite everyone else's bias. Lucy isn't shown interacting much with other people, usually being rather withdrawn compared to Steven's bombastic public persona. However, she is the only one who knows about his moments of doubt and sadness and during them encourages her husband. When interacting with other people, Lucy usually acts polite and rather meek. As Steven's wife, Lucy is extremely loyal to him and her every action during the course of the Steel Ball Run is performed in order to protect him from danger. As such, despite being a frail and Stand-less person, Lucy constantly throws herself into dangerous actions without hesitation. Not only does she infiltrate several well-protected facilities in order to undermine Funny Valentine, she also has several perilous encounters against Stand Users such as Blackmore, Mike O. or even Diego Brando, all of whom try to kill her. She also plainly rejects Mountain Tim's advances, stating her pride in being Steven's wife. Although she is prone to nervousness, Lucy is also an extremely resourceful woman, being adept at tricking people or performing other tricks to escape notice. She knows lip-reading and is a competent actor, which in conjunction with her status as the main promoter's wife, allows her to access several usually secure places. Even on the brink of capture or worse, Lucy can think of ways to escape using all available tools and allies. Lucy is ultimately the one who defeats Diego Brando by bringing his alternate self's head to him, killing him in spite of his formidable Stand. Despite her gentle nature, Lucy also doesn't hesitate to fire at Blackmore or stab Valentine, showing a hidden ruthless side to her. Lucy is a lip reader, enabling her to spy on people and determine what they are saying purely through lip movement. It allowed her to know about the secret message Ringo Roadagain sent to Valentine and intercept it before the President. Lucy lived in a family of six siblings and was the second eldest of the bunch. Her father, Adam Pendleton, was a farmer who owned a small land in Oklahoma. Lucy's mother, Alice, died at age thirty-seven when Lucy was only twelve, after which the family fell into misfortune. Lucy's father would later contract debt from the mafia and, being unable to bear having his land or eldest son taken from him, offered Lucy to them instead. However, sometime prior to the event, Lucy met Steven Steel on the streets, where he was broke and drunk, listening to him mumbling about his plan of Steel Ball Run, and gave him the suggestion to run it. It was then that Steven stepped in to repay the favor he owed Lucy. To save Lucy from working as a prostitute for the mafia, Steven told Lucy's father to tell the mafia that Lucy was previously defiled by him. Indebted to the man, twelve year old Lucy Pendleton tells Steven that she "doesn't mind", and could be his "real wife" someday. Steven denies this firmly, and reassures the young girl that he won't ever lay a hand on her-- asking only that she spare him the trouble of "her future boyfriend" being a mafia member. In the years leading up to the Steel Ball Run, Steven and Lucy develop an intense and platonic bond of trust. As Steven Steel's wife, Lucy doesn't involve herself in the race, but nonetheless accompanies her husband to provide him moral support. During the 3rd Stage, she eavesdrops on President Funny Valentine talking about the Saint's Corpse and discovers the true purpose of the race. While keeping an eye on the president, she foresees the government eventually killing Steven, prompting her to steal the coordinates to the Corpse Part near Kansas City. She is noticed, but barely escapes the government building with the help of Mountain Tim. She is followed, however, by Blackmore, one of Valentine's Subordinates. Lucy reaches the location of the Corpse Part and digs up the Spine, but Blackmore soon catches up with her. At this point, a manifestation of the Corpse's power appears, allowing Lucy to shoot Blackmore and escape toward Gyro Zeppeli and Johnny Joestar. The duo manage to finish off the agent and persuade Lucy to hinder Valentine by stealing his Corpse Parts. As the investigation on the infiltrator closes in on her, Lucy and Hot Pants decide to cooperate and infiltrate Valentine's current residence, but ultimately fail to steal his Corpse Parts. Thanks to Cream Starter, Lucy disguises herself as the president's wife, Scarlet Valentine, who was killed during the infiltration. However, Lucy is quickly discovered by Funny Valentine who tries to rape her, causing Lucy to blow her cover and attack the President in self-defense. While running away from the president, she stumbles upon the stolen Corpse parts and becomes pregnant, discovering the Corpse's head in her womb. After she is impregnated with the Corpse's head, she later absorbs all the other Corpse parts. Afterwards, she begins to metamorphose and apparently gains a Stand power. However, she mostly remains unconscious, with Funny Valentine using her Stand's power to protect himself. After Funny Valentine is defeated at the hands of Johnny and the completed Corpse removed itself from her body, she is reunited with Steven. However, Johnny notices that the Corpse had just been taken by someone working with Funny Valentine and chases after him to reclaim it. Lucy notices that the horse tracks start from the hole Funny Valentine left in his wake and puts together that the thief is in fact Diego Brando from another dimension, whom she plans to confront at the shelter that was made to house the Corpse should Johnny fail to retrieve it first. Remembering what Valentine said about the effects objects from one dimension meeting itself, she uses the base world's Diego Brando's severed head to defeat him. Lucy Steel appears a stage hazard on the ATLANTIC OCEAN stage as Lucy Steel's Ticket to Ride grants a full Heart Heat Gauge for whoever reaches it first. Lucy Steel appears to be the Steel Ball Run version of Erina Pendleton, a major character from Part 1.

Stand Name: Ticket to Ride is the Stand used by Lucy Steel, featured in Steel Ball Run. The abilities of this Stand consist of the following: Lucy is able to pull streaks of tears from her eyes and use them like knives. As the blade of tears immediately decomposes upon contact with someone, this ability has no real use besides threatening someone. However, when the blade is used against someone or something, they become vulnerable to Lucy's primary ability: Divine Protection. Ticket to Ride's blade-tear ability was inspired by the phrase "tears are a woman's weapon". This ability protects Lucy from any harm done to her by creating a chain reaction of unlikely coincidences from the surroundings to neutralize any assailant. Similarly, the phenomenon can also force a target to do as Lucy wants. This ability, while Lucy is capable of movement, seems to only work against those Lucy has touched with her Tear Cutter. For example, two people try to tranquilize Lucy, but she accidentally knocks a bottle onto the ground and spills some liquid. One of them suddenly steps onto the liquid and slips, letting Lucy escape, then other chases after her but steps on a glass bottle, causing it to break and shatters pieces into his eye. This can also be applied to nonliving objects; Lucy writes a note and hides it on a dock, where Valentine destroys it, only for a series of coincidences to recreate the note in its entirety and stick it back to nearly the same place. At its core, this ability (at least until Lucy becomes nonfunctional) manipulates the fortune of what is cut to create the outcome Lucy wants.

Stand User: Scolippi is a minor but influential character featured in Vento Aureo. Scolippi is a sculptor who gets involved with Team Bucciarati and particularly Guido Mista, as he allegedly murdered his girlfriend and her father has requested the gang to avenge her. Scolippi is a Stand User and his Rolling Stones predicts Bruno Bucciarati's death. Scolippi is a Stand user, wielding the rock-like Rolling Stones which chase and divines people's deaths and offers them a peaceful alternative. Scolippi is introduced as a professional sculptor suspected of killing his girlfriend. Her father requests Bruno Bucciarati to bring him justice, as even the courts declared Scolippi innocent and not guilty of her death. When Guido Mista is sent out to take care of the job and extract a confession from the sculptor, Scolippi denies having used his Stand to kill his girlfriend and is beaten and shot mercilessly while his explanation for his Stand's ability is brushed aside out of disbelief. Meanwhile, his Stand chases down Bucciarati, and Mista struggles to prevent it from doing so. When Mista finally believes Scolippi's explanations, Scolippi was already unconscious. After Bucciarati survives Rolling Stones' ability, Scolippi worries for the difficulties that will lie ahead of Bucciarati's group due to his survival from Rolling Stones and decides to pray for their success.

Stand Name: Rolling Stones is the Stand of Scolippi, featured in Vento Aureo. Rolling Stones is an automatic Stand, as Scolippi can neither control nor stop it. It isn't actually malevolent as it shows a target their fated death, but the dubious mercy of instantly euthanizing them still makes it very dangerous. Rolling Stones spots a target fated to die soon and then begins to automatically stalk it. Rolling Stones follows a chosen person whose death is close, appearing and disappearing or even moving by itself until it touches the target. In truth, it can enter the ground and walls to move unnoticed. As it follows the target, Rolling Stones gradually breaks down until the form of the target appears on it. More precisely, it shows a presentation of the target dying, exposing how they are fated to die, regardless of how close or far away the date of death is. When the target touches the stone, they will die, peacefully and without visible damage, as to "spare" them the pain. Although Scolippi theorizes that breaking Rolling Stones or changing its shape significantly may change the target's fate, it is ultimately revealed that even the dust will take the shape of the prediction. Thus it is impossible to change the fate predicted by Rolling Stones, but breaking it will still stop it from chasing people. Those close to Rolling Stones without being sculpted inside it are not fated to die. Mista exploits this to purposefully jump down a building and come out unscathed. This Stand gets its power from fate and moves by itself. When someone not targeted by Rolling Stones touches it, several words or sentences such as Please kill me appear on their skin. Please kill me

Stand User: Ghiaccio is a side antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Ghiaccio is a member of La Squadra Esecuzioni who chases Giorno Giovanna and Guido Mista near Venice with his cryogenic ice-generating Stand, White Album. Wielding the dangerously powerful ice-based Stand, White Album, Ghiaccio is understandably confident in his abilities and disdains most of the enemy's actions, which he deems as futile. Unlike the rest of his teammates, Ghiaccio openly confronts Giorno and Mista alone (having assumed the rest of the team was nearby too) and even openly monologues his plans out loud. Conversely, when the two of them attempt anything against him, Ghiaccio doesn't hesitate to taunt them or ridicule their futile attempts, such as when he tells Mista to jump into the water to see whether he can really outpace White Album's freezing ability, also demonstrating his power by freezing a sizeable stretch of water in an instant. His pride is expanded upon in the anime by showing him claiming that La Squadra Esecuzioni is "the best" out of all the teams in Passione. However, Ghiaccio demonstrates that he isn't simply arrogant and commends Mista for giving him a hard fight despite his weaker Stand. Although he is extremely prideful, Ghiaccio is conscious about his weaknesses and has devised plans to alleviate his need to have an air hole on White Album. If the need presents itself, Ghiaccio is able to freeze the air to counter against projectiles and cover the air hole. Moreover, on the rare occasion where he is at a disadvantage, Ghiaccio also shows he can think quickly to reverse the situation. For instance, when he is nearly impaled on a spike, Ghiaccio uses his own flowing blood to create pillars and support himself. He has a fixation with language, expressing annoyance at the confusing wording of various metaphors as well as how foreign languages do not respect Italian words, such as spelling "Venice" in English instead of "Venezia". During these fits of anger, Ghiaccio becomes so unnerved he begins to sweat out of wrath and vents his frustration through breaking nearby objects or dramatic arm-waving. His choleric side is expanded upon in the anime as he is seen complaining the loudest about his team's comparatively meager revenues. Ghiaccio's Stand is White Album. It acts as an almost impenetrable full-body suit with ice skate-like blades on its feet. It also has the power to almost instantly freeze objects and the air around him. Ghiaccio is able to activate the second phase of his Stand, known as White Album Gently Weeps. During Gently Weeps' duration, Ghiaccio produces temperatures around roughly -210 degrees Celsius, impressively close to the point of absolute zero. White Album Gently Weeps Ghiaccio is one of the assassins from La Squadra Esecuzioni who, alongside his teammates, rebels against The Boss and seeks his daughter, Trish. Contacted by Melone, who reveals that Team Bucciarati is on a parking lot south of Rome, Ghiaccio drives over to their supposed location and discovers he is too late to confront the group. At the same time, he hears Melone being killed on the phone. Regardless, Risotto Nero later runs some computer analysis on Pericolo's items and discovers that Bucciarati's group is headed toward Venice. During Giorno and Mista's retrieval mission, Ghiaccio appears on top of their moving vehicle and attempts to use his Stand to freeze the air and kill both of them. He utilizes his Stand's powers without actually drawing it out, forming a shield of ice around his body as the car swerves. He soon gets serious when he is forced off the car, donning his armor-like Stand and pursuing them using the Stand's ice skates. His actions force Giorno to drive the car off the road and into the ocean, where he begins to use his Stand to freeze the water. His attacks chase them both until Mista uses the ice to ski to the land with frozen grass made by Giorno. Ghiaccio instantly melts all the ice, causing Mista to fall just short of the shore. Attacked by Ghiaccio's ice, Mista convinces himself that Ghiaccio's Stand cannot be invincible, and dives underwater to see. It is there that his weakness, the air hole in the back of his neck, is revealed. Once they both get to land, Mista's work proves fruitless, as Ghiaccio displays his power to freeze air until it erupts, making his hole bulletproof. He begins to look for The Boss' secret disk, soon finding it and declaring victory. However, after a struggle, he is gradually forced backward until he hits a splintered lamp post that pierces the hole on his neck. Freezing his own blood, he stays alive momentarily, until Gold Experience pushes him further on the post, impaling his neck through and killing him. Ghiaccio appears as the enemy faced in Chapters 10 and 11 of Super Story Mode, with the player taking control of Mista for both. During Chapter 10, Ghiaccio will be chasing the car that Giorno is driving, with Mista on the car's roof. During this match, the player needs to survive for 2 minutes as Ghiaccio comes closer, trying to attack the car. During Chapter 11, the player truly faces Ghiaccio. During the match, Ghiaccio will keep skating along the stage and try to attack his opponent with impulse attacks as he uses White Album. The player needs to attack Ghiaccio from his back since it's his weak point. Ghaccio's secondary attack is freezing the ground in two different ways: the first one has him send ice crystals out in a line with some homing capabilities, and the second one makes him send ice crystals outward in six directions. In both attacks is Ghiaccio vulnerable to attack. He can also use White Album Gently Weeps to temporarily reflect any bullets and potentially trap Sex Pistols if Mista Stand Shoots him during this period. Ghiaccio appears as an explanatory character in the JoJo Dictionary menu. He guides the player through the Trivia, Story, and Character Profiles tabs, notably becoming irrationally upset when the player attempts to leave.

Stand Name: White Album is the Stand of Ghiaccio, featured in Vento Aureo. White Album is rare among Stands in that it appears as a suit for Ghiaccio to wear. Protecting its user from harm and giving him the potent ability to freeze everything, White Album is a fearsome Stand in battle. It does, however, possess a weak point in the form of a vulnerable hole at Ghiaccio's neck. White Album's signature ability is to dramatically decrease the temperature of anything Ghiaccio touches. When the assassin touches something, the affected object's temperature decreases dramatically. White Album's power is so powerful it can reach temperatures of about -100°C easily, freeze gasoline, and rapidly create a large quantity of ice out of seawater (faster than someone could swim). Naturally, the cold is dangerous to the human body: White Album can freeze people, dropping the temperature to the point vital functions are threatened and can solidify limbs to the point they can break like ice. As White Album drops the temperature, so does the ability of objects to move. At low enough temperatures, Ghiaccio can simply stop attacks in their tracks, making conventional attacks like gunshots or punches ineffective. Ghiaccio can also precisely control his power. He can form specific shapes of ice such as blades to ice skate on or redirect the freezing of a large body of water. Moreover, if he cancels White Album's freezing willingly, the previously affected objects immediately return to their normal temperature. If Ghiaccio stops contact with a frozen object, it will return to its normal temperature. White Album also enhances the physical abilities of its user. With the armor, Ghiaccio becomes strong enough to break a stone statue with a single punch or can skate so fast he's easily able to reach a car running at 80 km/h. Like an igloo, the inside of the armor is kept insulated, meaning he is always warm. The only opening in the armor is an air hole on the back of the user's neck, making it the Stand's greatest weak spot. However, Ghiaccio mitigates this by incorporating chunks of frozen air inside his armor as a reserve and defrosting the air as he needs it, thus free to seal the air hole. When using Gently Weeps, White Album can decrease the temperature to reach -210 °C or less, at which point the surrounding air itself freezes solid. With this technique, Ghiaccio is able to create floating sheets of invisible frozen air that are able to reflect bullets back to an attacker. The two downsides of this ability is that it burns through Ghiaccio's stamina and it doesn't perfectly cover Ghiaccio's body: if exposed, Sex Pistols can guide their bullets through the frozen air sheets to hit Ghiaccio directly, although it never wounded Ghiaccio due to this secret defensive for his air hole. . Gently Weeps

Stand User: Jobin Higashikata is an antagonist featured in JoJolion. Jobin is the eccentric eldest son of the Higashikata Family. He is married with Mitsuba Higashikata and has a son, Tsurugi. Beyond his job at the Higashikata Fruit Company, Jobin was formerly one of the members of the Rock Humans' Rokakaka Organization. Jobin is a Stand User and wields the mysterious Speed King. When he was a child, Jobin Higashikata was very meek and withdrawn. Melancholic due to his illness, Jobin quietly bore with the bullying one of his seniors in his scouting movement put him through, not daring to stand up for himself. However, it is shown Jobin had the courage to refuse the bully's order to burn down someone else's home. After the awakening of Speed King, Kaato used the opportunity to change Jobin's mindset forever, telling him that he didn't do anything wrong and that he was destined to climb his way up while others would stay at the bottom. Goaded by his mother's words, Jobin committed his first murder. Since then, Jobin has been outgoing and jovial; taking Kaato's words at heart. This event helped shape his philosophy; that humans are born at a level of "zero", no matter the circumstances. Jobin believes that because of this, humans must constantly look for a way to move up in the world, and to him, that is the only way they, and he himself, can achieve happiness. Because of his ambition, Jobin looks down on the rest of the population. Jobin is shown to possess some arrogance and sense of entitlement, as he takes his family's social standing as a right to have special treatment, complaining that several businesses didn't favor him or his family. Jobin maintains a quiet sense of humor and is fond of quoting Mitsuo Aida. He is also prone to escalating or changing the circumstances of situations solely for the reason of making them more 'interesting', as when he scolds Joshu cheering for him and demands he 'switch teams' to Josuke. In the context of Norisuke's personality test, he seems fond of robotic figurines. He is also shown to be very clever when he used his Stand to melt the wax off on his beetle, in addition to detecting Josuke's plan. In contrast, Jobin sometimes displays the personality of a manchild, with even his own son Tsurugi noticing. In his room, he keeps a large shelving unit full of display cases for exotic beetles. This childish streak appears to extend beyond this as Jobin often makes reference to 'summer vacation' and other such indulgences correlating to a typical childhood. Although Jobin hasn't been seen to have many interactions with his siblings it can be observed that while Joshu looks up to his older brother, Jobin holds him in a disinterested light. This keeps true to the trend of ordinary sibling interaction. Jobin however, holds his mother in high regard and exhibits a submissive and obedient behavior around her, showing fear of upsetting her. He also later shows a darker and manipulative side to his personality, using his father's trust to his advantage so he can organize trades for the Rokakaka Organization. Jobin desires the power of the Rokakaka, wishing to obtain it to rid his family of the Higashikata curse. This desire leads to him valuing the Rokakaka and elimination of any in his way above everything else, even being unconcerned if Morioh itself were to be destroyed in the process. Despite this cold-hearted behavior and disregard for innocent life, Jobin displays tactical restraint; deciding against murdering Yasuho Hirose because it would raise his family's suspicions. He unconditionally loves his son, risking his life to save Tsurugi and betraying Poor Tom in the process for attacking him. Like the other members of his family, Jobin possesses a Stand, referred to as Speed King. Most of its power remains unobserved, but has been noted to be capable of producing small points of intense heat within a 10 cm (3.9 in) radius, which he uses strategically to cheat during a beetle fight, and more commonly, to induce a heat stroke. This power requires that he come into contact with whatever he wishes to apply heat to, as is the case with Josuke; Jobin offers him tissues to wipe his nose, only for the contact with the tissue being the catalyst required for Jobin to increase the temperature inside of Josuke's head, causing the blood vessels to burst and giving him a nosebleed. It is known from his son Tsurugi's explanation of the Higashikata family's superstitious beliefs of warding away "demons of sickness" that Jobin, being the firstborn son of his family, was raised as a girl until he turned twelve. During his youth, Jobin suffered from the Rock Disease, causing his skin to crack and suffer short-term memory loss, so that he would forget whatever happened the last day. Two of his seniors at a local scouting movement he was part of were bullying him and eventually, the bullies forced him to steal a set of Kaato's underwear and take a photo of her under the shower. Coincidentally, a fellow scout spotted Jobin being bullied and denounced the bullies to their school and the police. One of the bullies dragged Jobin to the scout's house one night and tried to force him to set fire on the denouncer's house, but Jobin refused to commit arson. Furious, the bully threatened to burn Jobin's face; at this moment, Jobin awakened his Stand, Speed King, and heated the blood inside the bully's head, stunning him gravely. Going to his mother for help, Jobin went to the hole under the lone pine tree with the disabled bully and Kaato. There, Kaato told him that he was destined to climb further up despite his unfair birth, and told him to go bury the bully inside the hole. Jobin thus performed an equivalent exchange. Since then, Jobin had taken Kaato's words to heart and became more assertive. He is mentioned by Joshu Higashikata during the attempt at a family photo, apparently having left shortly before. The mention of his absence is enough for his father to call off the welcoming photo for Josuke. Josuke and Norisuke first encounter Jobin in the Higashikata Fruit Parlor after the events surrounding Yotsuyu. Josuke spills some ice cream on his foot, and as Jobin cleans it up, he explains that he had returned from researching fruit in Vietnam and the Philippines for the Higashikata family business. It is revealed that he has a taste for expensive ornaments, including a golden Lamborghini and a Dorcus titanus palawanicus (giant stag beetle); and that he has a close relationship with his father. He gives Josuke the stag beetle as a gift, though Josuke reluctantly accepts it. After Norisuke and Jobin leave, Josuke discovers traces from Norisuke's King Nothing, suggesting that Jobin may know something regarding the spiky fruit capable of healing the family's disease and may possibly be involved with Yotsuyu. Josuke challenges Jobin to a beetle fight using the beetle he had previously received with the intent of gathering more information. The beetle fight seems one-sided at first, but concludes with Jobin receiving the loser's punishment of cutting off one of his eyebrows. Sparking his competitive side, Jobin challenges Josuke to another beetle fight with his lamborghini as the ante, but with the condition that he be allowed to lick Josuke's eye should he win the next round. Choosing a smaller Beetle, Jobin's chances of victory are almost assured when he uses his Stand to melt wax he had previously packed into a small hole in its head; causing the pain of the wax burning it's brain to send it into a crazed frenzy and increase it's bloodlust, although this ploy fails when Josuke reponds by using his Stand in kind. Jobin starts to become suspicious when he loses the second match and begins to use the heat of his Stand to question Josuke, basically interrogating his foster brother until the sprinklers are set off which allows the latter to escape. While Jobin is cleaning up his room, he is contacted by Aisho Dainenjiyama who asks if he knows why he's being tailed. Jobin connects the event to Josuke but choose to reveal nothing. However he allows Aisho to kill the pursuers, not knowing that his own son is being targeted. In the aftermath of Tamaki Damo's attack on the Higashikata House, Jobin is shown in his car nearby, where he witnessed Damo's death at the hands of Josuke. He is then called by his mother, Kaato Higashikata, who he promises to pick up from prison, but is asked to keep her release a secret from the family as she wants it to be a surprise. Following Kaato's arrival and shortly after her sudden departure to the hotel, Jobin enters the family room. He nonchalantly reveals that he was the one to let her in, and goes to examine his breakfast. This causes Norisuke to become suspicious of Jobin. Working directly with Kaato, Jobin begins to investigate Norisuke's garden at night as he searches for a Rokakaka Branch. He is accidentally caught by one of his father's security surveillance cameras, which Josuke quickly discovers. The event confirms Norisuke and Josuke's suspicions of his treachery while Jobin remains unaware of his detection. Kaato calls Jobin, informing him of his father's suspicious behavior and the fact that Norisuke has given Josuke a private cell phone to contact him with. Worried by this, Jobin drives to a nearby shrine where he summons a disfigured Rock Human named Dolomite using fried chicken. He informs Dolomite of the deaths of the previous Rock Humans that were defeated by Josuke and company, all before asking Dolomite for a favor. Jobin shows Dolomite the evidence that through the power of the Rokakaka, Josefumi Kujo and Yoshikage Kira fused to become the current Josuke. Jobin then proposes that Dolomite help him find a Rokakaka. Jobin compliments the Dolomite on his choice to cooperate, stating that everyone needs to overcome obstacles to be happy. Showing the photo of Josuke again to Dolomite, he announces his intention to stop him from finding the unknown ally who will let him find the Rokakaka. As Jobin carefully puts Dolomite's tooth into an envelope, Dolomite asks if it's fine if anything dire happens to Josuke or even Morioh as a whole because of his Blue Hawaii. Jobin simply responds that he doesn't care and leaves Dolomite to eliminate Josuke. As Yasuho Hirose investigates the identity of who Blue Hawaii's user could be, Jobin tracks her down. While Yasuho is distracted using Paisley Park, Jobin uses Speed King to touch her temple. The blood within her veins begins to boil, rendering her unconscious. Jobin ponders killing her to deal a crippling blow to Josuke, however he decides against it as the murder would confirm Norisuke's suspicions. Instead, Jobin leaves Yasuho on the sidewalk and dumps the only evidence of Dolomite's true identity into a sewer drain. However he does not return to Dolomite. Jobin receives a phone call from a certain "Poor Tom", who asks him to meet inside a parking lot. At the meeting, Jobin sees that this Poor Tom is another Rock Human, and proposes him to cooperate in order to stop Josuke from getting the fruit. The baby-like Poor Tom gives him a toy house which he presents as his own Stand Ozon Baby and instructs him to bury it inside his orchard. Jobin complies and sneakily buries Ozon Baby in the garden of his house, and soon after Tsurugi confronts him about his goals. Their conversations are interrupted when the air pressure decreases dramatically. When he tries to escape out of the shed they were in, Tsurugi begins to suffer depressurization sickness and is gravely injured. Jobin manages to save him, and realizes that he has been tricked by Poor Tom. Ozon Baby will indiscrimately attack anyone in its range through its air pressure power. Determined, Jobin decides to use Josuke and the plant appraiser, whom he guesses are present in the garden. Eventually, Jobin has Tsurugi use Paper Moon King on Poor Tom to have him mistake a pear-tree branch for the Rokakaka Branch. Once Poor Tom is killed and the fake branch is retreived, Jobin takes the real Rokakaka branch. Afterwards, Jobin is diguised as a cactus by Paper Moon King while Tsurugi talks to Norisuke about the branch being lost. After he leaves, Jobin reveals himself and announces his victory over Josuke and the plant appraiser. Hiding the Rokakaka in his vivariums, Jobin talks with his wife Mitsuba and ominously declares that the Higashikata Family is becoming stronger. Mitsuba catches a glimpse of the Rokakaka, causing Jobin to suspect that she is up to something. However, his plans are thrown into disarray as he meet with Tsurugi, who tells him that a man named Ojiro also knows about the Rokakaka. Jobin doesn't know the man and hastily checks on his Rokakaka, only to realize that Tsurugi's hand has been put under the influence of Ojiro's Stand Fun Fun Fun. Tsurugi has inadvertently leaked the location of the Rokakaka to Ojiro who covets the fruits, and Jobin tries to think of a counterattack. Ojiro uses his Stand to send Tsurugi crashing through a window, forcing Jobin to grab Tsurugi to prevent him from being injured further. However, this allows Ojiro to mark Jobin's hands, and he forces Jobin to start choking Tsurugi. Jobin reveals to Ojiro that the New Rokakaka can be harvested in three days, to the man's delight. Ojiro orders Jobin to reveal his Stand, to which Jobin complies. However, Tsurugi reveals his Stand as well, causing an annoyed Ojiro to swipe it out of the way. Believing that Jobin's Stand looks too dangerous for him to be left alive, Ojiro slams the window closed on the duo's necks and steals the New Rokakaka (as well as some of Jobin's cash), believing the two to be dead. However, the duo's wounds were merely an illusion created by Paper Moon King, and Jobin reassures Tsurugi that he will take the New Rokakaka back. This promise is soon fulfilled, as Jobin then proceeds to follow Ojiro to his girlfriend's apartment, mercilessly eliminate both Ojiro and Makorin using Speed King, and steal back the New Rokakaka. Jobin makes a cameo appearance in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven. He appears inside the Higashikata House on the Part 8 stage, sitting alongside Daiya and Hato on the couch.

Stand Name: Speed King is the Stand of Jobin Higashikata, featured in JoJolion. Little is known about Speed King's abilities but it is clear that its heat powers are lethal at both close and long range. Speed King is shown to be physically able enough to rapidly pummel enemies, but the extent of its power is still unknown. As explained by Jobin, Speed King has the primary ability to store heat and temperature within a short localized point, from single objects such as the surface of paper money or even a particular spot on the human body. However, the heat can then be transferred to anyone who touches said point where the heat is stored. Speed King can only affect objects within 10 centimeters, but it is shown that said objects can travel far away from Jobin and still be affected by Speed King's heat storage. For instance Ojiro Sasame could travel from the Higashikata House to downtown Morioh and still be affected. Since Jobin can heat sodium chlorate enough to produce oxygen, it can be inferred that it can raise the temperature to at least 300°C. He has used it to melt the wax stuffed into his beetles after brushing them with a paintbrush and has given Josuke a nosebleed simply after offering some tissues to wipe his face with. This power can be weaponized and used to heat people's blood vessels, boiling the blood inside to render them unconscious or even kill them, when applied to the temples the heat can become so damaging the eyes burst. The Stand also has other hidden abilities that Jobin keeps undisclosed, even to his own family.

Stand User: Rubber Soul is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Impersonating Kakyoin, Rubber Soul isolates and attacks Jotaro and Anne in Singapore. Rubber Soul is a Stand User who wields Yellow Temperance. Rubber Soul was hired by DIO with the promise of earning 100 million dollars as a reward for killing Jotaro. He has a rather disturbing personality: he is extremely rude and impolite, showing neither respect nor mercy for people and animals, as they are beings that he only sees as food for his Yellow Temperance. He does not seem to be particularly intelligent and he is easily angered. He wanted to ambush Jotaro with Kakyoin's appearance, but his unusual behavior blew his cover. He is also narcissistic and arrogant, referring to himself as handsome and believing his Yellow Temperance has no weaknesses, taunting Jotaro and bragging about his abilities while underestimating Jotaro's abilities. Rubber Soul is also very violent; he attempts to kill a pickpocket by breaking his back and remorselessly eats a dog under the eyes of its master with his Stand. In order to grow bigger, he did not hesitate to eat even bugs. In spite of this, he is very cowardly, giving away the names of his allies in order to escape Jotaro's wrath and having a strong fear of being hit or hurt in general. Rubber Soul's Stand is Yellow Temperance; a sticky, rubbery mass bound to and encasing his body which consumes any other organic substance it comes in contact with. The Stand defends him from all forms of brute force and allows him to effectively impersonate others. The stand represents the Tarot Card, Temperance. Temperance is a warning that indicates one must exercise calmness and balance or suffer defeat. Jotaro's first instinct when fighting Rubber Soul is to behave erratically, which puts him at a disadvantage. Only when he accepts Yellow Temperance is a fearsome Stand and plans his next move does he win. He mimics Joseph Joestar's "Secret technique" and overall fighting style when doing this, as Joseph is known for being calm and composed even in the most desperate situations. While the Joestar Group is in Singapore looking for tickets to travel to India, Rubber Soul uses his Stand to assume the appearance of Kakyoin when Jotaro Kujo and Anne were looking around. At that time, Joseph uses Hermit Purple on a television set so he and Avdol can anticipate DIO's next move. Through joining voice segments from different TV programs, the Stand cryptically hinted "Kakyoin" as a traitor just before DIO destroys the TV. Jotaro begins to be suspicious of "Kakyoin"'s strange behavior following his attack on a pickpocket and his use of words. After lying that he bought the tickets for India, Jotaro tricks "Kakyoin" to the cable cars where he punches him for his sudden attempt to push him off the building. The resulting punch sends Rubber Soul into a cable car as he discards his disguise while revealing that Jotaro has a fragment of Yellow Temperance on his finger. Faced with the danger of being devoured by the Stand, Jotaro jumps out of the cable car, Rubber Soul gloating that he has no need to chase him. Rubber Soul gets off and enters a cable car in the guise of a woman just to see Jotaro's futile attempts to freeze the Stand fragment. Rubber Soul reveals himself and gloats of his Stand's invincibility while it consumes a dog that happened to be in the cable car. Jotaro is forced to use his grandfather's final secret technique of running away by punching a hole in the bottom of the cable car and dragging Rubber Soul with him into the water below. As Rubber Soul is forced to lower his Stand's guard to breathe, Jotaro gives the now powerless Stand user a broken nose and jaw before interrogating him about the remaining assassins. Rubber Soul reveals their cards to be the Empress, Emperor, Death and Hanged Man, the fourth belonging to J. Geil, the man Polnareff is after. Once out of the water, Rubber Soul spots an opportunity to disable Jotaro by having his Stand travel through a manhole into a drainage pipe and catches him off guard while gloating that killing Jotaro alone is enough for his financial security. But Jotaro counters the attempt by using Star Platinum to punch the drain and increase water pressure, breaking the manhole open and sending Rubber Soul flying back into the water. Rubber Soul begs for mercy as Jotaro proceeds to finish him off with a barrage of punches by Star Platinum. In the game, Rubber Soul instead briefly imitates Devo and battles the player's group on a hotel rooftop. Rubber Soul is one of the several characters added in the arcade update. Looks-wise, he is a palette swap of Kakyoin with a taller build and a different face, and his Stand is a yellow-colored Hierophant Green. He is not encountered in the Story Mode by any of the main characters (arcade version) but has his own storyline as a secret character. In his own story, Rubber Soul is hired by DIO to assassinate Jotaro and his companions. His story lacks any notable cutscenes aside from the ending after the player defeats all of the heroes. He claims that he is the luckiest man in the world and that no one else could earn one hundred million dollars by fighting for only a few minutes. He is also encountered as a normal enemy in the PSX port's Super Story Mode. The Player will receive a Secret Factor bonus if they allow him to perform his "Rero rero rero" taunt. Rubber Soul might essentially be a palette swap of Kakyoin, but his playstyle differs greatly. He lacks an active Stand and instead elects to call Yellow Temperance to the battlefield temporarily for his special attacks. His moves tend to be slow and clumsy, as he cannot block or perform any follow-up attacks (aside from his light punch) while Yellow Temperance is still visible on the screen. His special attacks involve Yellow Temperance (in the form of a yellow-colored Hierophant Green) shooting yellow acid balls at the opponent in short range. Within that same range, he can grab the opponent and break their back over his shoulders. He can also throw Yellow Temperance along the ground to ensnare the opponent's legs. His special Stand technique allows Rubber Soul to counter an oncoming attack by forming a rubbery shield around his torso and knocking the opponent airborne. This is commonly followed up by his first super technique. Rubber Soul's intro mimics a scene from his initial appearance, during which he eats several beetles and grows in size, making the sprite different from Kakyoin's. Also, if Alessi uses his Stand power on him, Rubber Soul does not turn into a child but rather reverts to the fat woman he took the appearance of in the cable car. Rubber Soul appears as one of the several Part 3 characters who possess a Metal Striker. His Finish Move has Yellow Temperance envelope the target Striker, melting them.

Stand Name: Yellow Temperance is the Stand of Rubber Soul, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Yellow Temperance has no personality. It represents the Tarot Card Temperance although its power to grow by consuming flesh directly opposes the idea the card represents. Yellow Temperance's blob-like nature and ability to absorb organic matter from physical contact result in one of the few Stands of the series that can be said to be physically invincible. On the other side, Yellow Temperance is limited by its own user's human vulnerabilities, to the point it can be said that its one weak point is Rubber Soul. Yellow Temperance's primary power is the ability to assimilate organic matter, using it to grow stronger and larger. Thus, its user constantly seeks things to consume even when hidden. It also makes it visible to ordinary people. When deposited as just a small part on someone else, Yellow Temperance begins to cover their entire body, spreading to wherever it has touched until it completely assimilates the victim, killing them. Yellow Temperance, because of its blob-like nature, has the capacity to absorb obscene amounts of physical punishment and impacts, acting as an armor for Rubber Soul. It can resist impacts, burning, and freezing. It also seems to protect its user underneath from any damage as well. It cannot, however, make up for human frailties, such as the need for oxygen. For all intents and purposes, Yellow Temperance is invincible as long as Rubber Soul is still alive to use it.

Stand User: Tamaki Damo is an antagonist featured in JoJolion. Originally introduced as Hato Higashikata's boyfriend, he is later revealed to be a Rock Human and the head of the smuggling cartel in the Rokakaka Organization. After his henchmen have been killed, he infiltrates the Higashikata House and attacks the entirety of the Higashikata Family. Damo is a Stand User and can soften people with his Vitamin C. Damo is introduced as an awkward but polite individual when he meets the Higashikata family, notably mumbling while speaking to Norisuke IV and Joshu. This is later revealed to be a facade hiding a much colder and calculated personality, which he unveils while interrogating Norisuke. Not much is seen of Damo's everyday activities, but he takes running the Rokakaka trade seriously, meticulously ensuring that it goes unnoticed and taking swift and ruthless action when it is threatened in any way. His interest in the profit a Rokakaka hybrid will bring him even on the verge of death indicates that he does it out of greed. His power having limited range, Damo's modus operandi is to infiltrate a place where his targets will be trapped in, then plant Vitamin C's handprints all over the place so that everyone will be melting and powerless. Damo enjoys lording over his victims, ordering them around in his position of power but goes rather straight to his point, being focused on his objectives. He also sadistically tortures and humiliates his victims, inserting various common-place objects into them and once videotaping it for his own enjoyment. In contrast, Damo has a tendency to "spare" one of his victims for various reasons, such as self-punishment for being careless or excessive cruelty. Damo has also a penchant for cutting off limbs with a 1,000 yen bill if they do not comply. Tamaki Damo has a short temper, regularly letting out short bursts of anger accompanied by a similarly violent action and insults. Being underestimated, even remotely, such as thinking that keeping information is being hidden or seemingly playing dumb, enrages him. However, he can acknowledge one's merits rather easily, praising Kira and Josefumi for managing to steal a Rokakaka branch. Damo is manipulative, seducing Hato with the specific purpose of approaching and interrogating her family and had no qualms with torturing and killing them all, including Hato herself. He has a habit of exploiting possible pressure points such as Josefumi's fundamental lack of interests in helping Yoshikage Kira and Hato's affection for her father to gain leverage or an advantage in a fight. He has also shown to be cowardly when his life is truly threatened, begging Hato to spare him and trying to convince Josuke they should team up. Damo's Stand Vitamin C enables him to "soften" human bodies to turn them into something as malleable as putty or as viscous as liquid. He then takes advantage of his victim's softened state to torture them for information or kill them outright; typically by cutting them with 1,000 yen bills or other thin objects. On one occasion, Damo even inserts a living fish inside his victim's body and watches it swim. Damo was born as a nameless Rock Human, and subsequently stole the name "Tamaki Damo" from some hapless human. He subsequently set shop at a cleaning shop named "Damo Kan". At the same time, he led his men in the Rokakaka Organization, using it to sell the Rokakaka to a handful of wealthy people for a hefty price. On August 19, 2011, Tamaki Damo and his accomplice Yotsuyu Yagiyama stow aboard Yoshikage Kira's ship and ambush both him and Josefumi Kujo. Kira attempts to stop Damo with his Killer Queen, but Vitamin C softens Kira, Josefumi and their Stands. Damo reveals that he's aware of the duo's plan to steal and graft Rokakaka Branches to grow their own fruits. He informs Kira that after the two stole the branches, Damo and his men searched for four months straight to find the culprits. Damo proceeds to interrogate and torture both Josefumi and Kira on the ship, trying to gain information as to their motives for stealing from him. He then states that the one who tells him the truth and betrays the other will be spared. After Kira and Josefumi escape, however, Damo furiously orders his men to search for the two and kill them, not knowing that Kira is already dying from the interrogation/escape and Josefumi is about to be fused with him due to the Wall Eyes. In the present day, Tamaki Damo is introduced as Hato's boyfriend, and from Daiya's explanation to Josuke the first she has ever had or brought home to meet her father. Everyone is taken aback by his appearance, aside from Joshu, who is humored by him and even snatches the man's sunglasses off of his face and undoes his comb-over in reaction to his nervous mumbling. Damo presents Norisuke IV with a box of chocolate yokan he bought from the store near his cleaning company Damo Can Cleaning, while Kyo Nijimura and Norisuke IV notice that his fingerprints are left behind on things he has touched and are sticky and wet to the touch, suggesting that he also has a Stand. Nijimura also sees several clawed hand prints left behind him in the entry way, and Joshu is too amused with his family's guest to notice the fingerprints on his own arm. Upon looking for info about Josefumi, Yasuho discovers his I.D. with a picture of Damo. Shortly after, his Stand becomes hostile, melting Kyo and Joshu away into the walls and a sink drain respectively, their fates currently unknown. After Daiya is affected by his Stand while trying to give the fax sent by Yasuho to Josuke, Damo convinces Hato to go look for her. Due to now being alone with Norisuke, he immobilizes the latter with his Stand and explains his motives. Dropping his awkward demeanor, Damo states that he entered the home in order to solve three problems at once. For his first goal, he plans on discovering and eliminating the culprit behind the disappearance of four of his acquaintances: an architect, two twin brothers, and a security guard. Damo comments that the Wall Eyes have changed the landscape greatly, and wonders what could have happened to the whole family, which upsets Norisuke. Damo then asks if Norisuke knows anything about the Rokakaka, which he refutes. Following this, Damo asks if he's killed Yotsuyu Yagiyama. Norisuke doesn't answer fast enough and Damo cuts off his left arm with a 1,000 yen bill. Norisuke admits to having killed Yotsuyu, however Damo thinks that Norisuke wasn't the only culprit in Yotsuyu's murder and asks who was with him. Norisuke continues to feign confusion when pressed with more questions from Damo, but is tortured further as Damo has a fish flop about in Norisuke's liquefied body. It isn't until Damo threatens to murder the entire Higashikata family with Hato being killed in front of him that Norisuke cracks and confesses what he knows about Josuke's connection to Josefumi Kujo. Josuke then confronts Damo, demanding that he free the Higashikatas. Once a tearful Hato also approaches Damo, he melts her and rushes Josuke with Vitamin C. Soft & Wet is revealed to have planted bubbles on Hato, allowing her to escape from Vitamin C's liquid prison. Damo renders Josuke's body into a puddle using Vitamin C; preparing to kill him until he is attacked from behind by multiple spikes. Hato reveals herself as a Stand user and proceeds to viciously impale Damo using multiple spikes fired from her body, all while crying over Damo's betrayal. Damo, now terrified by his girlfriend's unknown powers, attempts to bargain for his life, insisting he was just joking and still loved Hato as she climbs a wall using her Stand to confront him. Damo, now seriously wounded hurries to the fireplace while Hato scales the house. He berates Hato under his breath while gathering the liquefied Norisuke and shoving him into the fire pit. Damo hopes Hato will attempt to save her father from burning to death and in the process, touch Vitamin C's fingerprints. However, Josuke's bubbles reveal his location, allowing Hato to fire her Stand's spikes through the roof and into Damo's skull. The attack leaves Damo fatally wounded and damages Vitamin C enough to turn everyone that was liquefied back to normal. Damo flees from the house while trying to escape the Higashikatas, but runs into Josuke on a sidewalk. Damo once again tries to bargain for his life, offering to become Josuke's ally and supply him with Rokakaka fruits to help his mother. This ultimately backfires, however, and Josuke swiftly delivers a punch to Damo's head; killing him as his body crumbles into rubble.

Stand Name: Vitamin C is the Stand belonging to Tamaki Damo, featured in JoJolion. Vitamin C is a terrifying Stand to face in close quarters and in narrow spaces because its softening power renders everyone powerless before Damo. Vitamin C doesn't show exceptional physical abilities, but is at least able to punch a softened person into a wall. However, it has a short range, leaving Damo vulnerable to ranged attacks. Vitamin C's main ability is to "soften" living organisms' tissues, melting them into a liquid state. Vitamin C and Damo can leave faintly visible fingerprints on any surface, and with Vitamin C's multiple hands, this results in entire rooms being covered in handprints. The fingerprints seem to be made of a squishy substance that people may notice. Anyone, even Stands, who touches the fingerprint will be softened, taking the characteristic of a liquid and becoming elastic. People lose their consistency and typically melt into a puddle of flesh over time. It becomes easy for Damo to insert random objects into his victims and even slice into them. He notably cuts limbs and organ from his softened victims with a 1000 yen bill. In that state, the victims become unable to move or attack, as any impact makes them lose their coherence. Thus they are powerless, and Damo is free to torment and kill them. Damo seems to be able to modify the speed at which people are softened. Joshu was softened over a sizable period while Hato was reduced to a liquid almost immediately when Damo attacked her. The weakness of the softening ability is that it has a very short range, seemingly restricted to a single closed area like a small boat or a house. If someone affected by the ability leaves Vitamin C's range, its effects disperse immediately.

Stand User: The tentatively-named Josuke Higashikata is the protagonist of JoJolion. He is the eighth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Josuke is a young man afflicted with retrograde amnesia, lacking any memories prior to being discovered by Yasuho Hirose near the Wall Eyes in Morioh Town. He dedicates himself to discovering his former identity and those originally associated with him. Josuke's original identity was that of Josefumi Kujo, and became his current self after fusing with the man Yoshikage Kira. Josuke is a Stand User and retains his original identity's Soft & Wet. Josuke is a young, handsome and physically fit man of above-average height. He wears a tasseled "Dixie cup" sailor cap (in multiple illustrations, it is adorned with the same palm insignia as Jotaro Kujo's hat). He wears a sailor suit, cut with a wide neck and above the navel, a neckerchief with a button resembling a slotted screw head, large emblems of an anchor on his right side and a compass rose on his left, fitted pants with a belt, and a pair of high-top athletic shoes. Josuke has a diastema between his upper incisors and a star-shaped birthmark on his left shoulder. He has two sets of irises, four testicles, and two tongues, all joined as one, differing in texture and color. Yasuho mentions he resembles her dog, Josuke. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. The tentatively named Josuke Higashikata is a quirky amnesiac determined to learn his true identity and his past. Josuke is afflicted by extensive retrograde amnesia, lacking memory of himself or events prior to meeting Yasuho Hirose, but retaining various degrees of knowledge. As such, Josuke is driven to discover who he was by investigating the circumstances of his presence in the beach prior to having been saved by Yasuho; that goal occupy nearly all of his activities and no action on his part isn't made without approaching him of learning the truth. That drive is sufficiently strong that he was willing to interrupt a rare moment with his love interest Yasuho to investigate Karera Sakunami. After learning about his past identity, Josuke set for himself the new goal of retrieving the Rokakaka branch and use the fruit to heal Holy Joestar-Kira. He still demonstrates the same steadfastness in investigating the fruit and the whereabouts of the Rokakaka Organization, with the addition of deferring more to Rai Mamezuku's opinions, deeming the plant appraiser's expertise about the fruit worth listening to. His determination to reach his goals is best illustrated when he willingly steps into a rain made deadly by Satoru Akefu's Stand, letting his body being pierced by raindrops including his head just to reach the hospital. Josuke seems to have retained certain traits from both of his original identities. At times he displays strong emotions like Josefumi, while also being able to analyze situations and strategize like Yoshikage. However, Josuke ultimately considers separated from both, neither being Kira or Josefumi as he doesn't have memories from either man, nor did anyone from Josefumi's past look for him. It causes him to question what he really is and consider his identity to be nebulous. Nonetheless, he felt a strong sadness when he first saw Holy Joestar-Kira, meaning he's also retained subconscious memories strong enough to still feel attachment to her.. While Josuke can be violent at times, he also has a degree of restraint toward enemies he doesn't need to kill. On multiple occasions he has asked members of the Higashikata family for permission before pursuing an enemy that relates to them, and even kept his promise to not harm Jobin while trying to get information about the Rokakaka out of him. However, Josuke is willing to defend himself and the people he knows from anyone who wishes to harm them. Unlike his counterpart Jotaro, Josuke isn't disturbed at the idea of hitting women and readily knocked out Kyo when she attacked her. Josuke is not afraid to threaten to kill, and he indeed killed Tamaki Damo in cold-blood in retaliation for threatening his adoptive family, though his main goal of discovering his identity meaning that killing his aggressors is counterproductive. That killing intent is easily triggered when someone hurts Yasuho. Josuke has also proven to be proficient at manipulating people, notably Jobin with whom he would adopt a more nonchalant persona to seem harmless. Apart from that, Josuke approaches his task calmly and methodically. Josuke is relatively polite and has been shown to strongly value familial relationships. Being amnesiac, Josuke places a great emphasis on one's family and legacy, wishing to learn his own past. The fact that no one came looking for him while hospitalized deeply unnerves him, to the point he can shed tears at the thought, and Josuke honors Norisuke Higashikata's adoption of him, considering himself a part of the Higashikatas. When Karera rejects her own parents, Josuke comments that they would never get along. He's not only willing to defend his adoptive family, but he strongly desires to cure Holy of her illness despite not having any memories of her. However, Josuke continues to suspect members of the Higashikata family of working against him. Josuke cares for Yasuho on a stronger level than even his family, and any threat to her wellbeing greatly angers him. In fact, during his battle with Yotsuyu Josuke is shown to possess a similar type of willpower to Johnny Joestar's "dark determination". However, when it comes to his goals Josuke is straight to the point and hardly tolerates any circling around the subject. For instance he didn't hesitate to directly ask Norisuke if he killed Yoshikage Kira, forcing the latter to explain his motives. Despite all this Josuke also has a certain number of humorous quirks. He seems to be totally oblivious when it comes to mundane things while at the same time retaining in-depth knowledge of animal and plant species. Josuke prefers sleeping underneath a whole mattress rather than its bedsheets for its "increased compression", he also regularly spills food he enjoys. During his earlier interactions with Yasuho, Josuke would pry on her breast size offhandedly, measuring it by sight (a trait that he probably gained from Yoshikage, as Holy was shown to possess a similar skill). Josuke has also demonstrated a more childish side, implanting his hair into Joshu and Hato Higashikata for fun. Whenever the mood is right Josuke seems to have fun declaring his victory. He notably consciously poses after outsmarting the population of Shakedown Road and also smugly claimed his win against Jobin in a stag beetle fight. Soft & Wet is Josuke's Stand. Initially belonging to Josefumi, Josuke retains it after the fusion with Kira, albeit with some minor differences. Its primary ability ("Plunder") is to steal some aspect or property of a target; to be contained in one or more small soap bubbles (bearing the image of his birthmark), which may be returned or transferred to other objects. This ability has been used both offensively and strategically. Soft & Wet also demonstrates above-average strength, and the capacity for rapid melee attack common to humanoid Stands. Like him, Josuke's Stand is described as a fusion of Yoshikage Kira's Killer Queen and the original Soft & Wet belonging to Josefumi Kujo. During his fight with Yotsuyu Yagiyama, Josuke decides to "use [his] soap bubbles for offense rather than defense..." Soft & Wet is shown to be able to surround and contain objects by creating a soap bubble and punching it into said object. The bubble bursts but then reforms around the target; Josuke is then able to make the bubble and object inside float anywhere he wants to, just like his regular soap bubbles. By combining strikes with his bubbles, he is able to 'inject' one of his soap bubbles into the flesh of his opponents, causing superficial damage when he pops them. The explosive property of the bubbles was first demonstrated against the A. Phex Brothers, and described by them as being very similar to Kira's ability. The tentatively-named Josuke Higashikata is the protagonist of JoJolion. He is the eighth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Josuke Higashikata Josuke is a young man afflicted with retrograde amnesia, lacking any memories prior to being discovered by Yasuho Hirose near the Wall Eyes in Morioh Town. He dedicates himself to discovering his former identity and those originally associated with him. Josuke's original identity was that of Josefumi Kujo, and became his current self after fusing with the man Yoshikage Kira. Josuke is a Stand User and retains his original identity's Soft & Wet. Josefumi Kujo Yoshikage Kira The tentatively named Josuke Higashikata is a quirky amnesiac determined to learn his true identity and his past. Josuke is afflicted by extensive retrograde amnesia, lacking memory of himself or events prior to meeting Yasuho Hirose, but retaining various degrees of knowledge. As such, Josuke is driven to discover who he was by investigating the circumstances of his presence in the beach prior to having been saved by Yasuho; that goal occupy nearly all of his activities and no action on his part isn't made without approaching him of learning the truth. That drive is sufficiently strong that he was willing to interrupt a rare moment with his love interest Yasuho to investigate Karera Sakunami. After learning about his past identity, Josuke set for himself the new goal of retrieving the Rokakaka branch and use the fruit to heal Holy Joestar-Kira. He still demonstrates the same steadfastness in investigating the fruit and the whereabouts of the Rokakaka Organization, with the addition of deferring more to Rai Mamezuku's opinions, deeming the plant appraiser's expertise about the fruit worth listening to. His determination to reach his goals is best illustrated when he willingly steps into a rain made deadly by Satoru Akefu's Stand, letting his body being pierced by raindrops including his head just to reach the hospital. Josuke seems to have retained certain traits from both of his original identities. At times he displays strong emotions like Josefumi, while also being able to analyze situations and strategize like Yoshikage. However, Josuke ultimately considers separated from both, neither being Kira or Josefumi as he doesn't have memories from either man, nor did anyone from Josefumi's past look for him. It causes him to question what he really is and consider his identity to be nebulous. Nonetheless, he felt a strong sadness when he first saw Holy Joestar-Kira, meaning he's also retained subconscious memories strong enough to still feel attachment to her.. While Josuke can be violent at times, he also has a degree of restraint toward enemies he doesn't need to kill. On multiple occasions he has asked members of the Higashikata family for permission before pursuing an enemy that relates to them, and even kept his promise to not harm Jobin while trying to get information about the Rokakaka out of him. However, Josuke is willing to defend himself and the people he knows from anyone who wishes to harm them. Unlike his counterpart Jotaro, Josuke isn't disturbed at the idea of hitting women and readily knocked out Kyo when she attacked her. Josuke is not afraid to threaten to kill, and he indeed killed Tamaki Damo in cold-blood in retaliation for threatening his adoptive family, though his main goal of discovering his identity meaning that killing his aggressors is counterproductive. That killing intent is easily triggered when someone hurts Yasuho. Josuke has also proven to be proficient at manipulating people, notably Jobin with whom he would adopt a more nonchalant persona to seem harmless. Apart from that, Josuke approaches his task calmly and methodically. Josuke is relatively polite and has been shown to strongly value familial relationships. Being amnesiac, Josuke places a great emphasis on one's family and legacy, wishing to learn his own past. The fact that no one came looking for him while hospitalized deeply unnerves him, to the point he can shed tears at the thought, and Josuke honors Norisuke Higashikata's adoption of him, considering himself a part of the Higashikatas. When Karera rejects her own parents, Josuke comments that they would never get along. He's not only willing to defend his adoptive family, but he strongly desires to cure Holy of her illness despite not having any memories of her. However, Josuke continues to suspect members of the Higashikata family of working against him. Josuke cares for Yasuho on a stronger level than even his family, and any threat to her wellbeing greatly angers him. In fact, during his battle with Yotsuyu Josuke is shown to possess a similar type of willpower to Johnny Joestar's "dark determination". However, when it comes to his goals Josuke is straight to the point and hardly tolerates any circling around the subject. For instance he didn't hesitate to directly ask Norisuke if he killed Yoshikage Kira, forcing the latter to explain his motives. Despite all this Josuke also has a certain number of humorous quirks. He seems to be totally oblivious when it comes to mundane things while at the same time retaining in-depth knowledge of animal and plant species. Josuke prefers sleeping underneath a whole mattress rather than its bedsheets for its "increased compression", he also regularly spills food he enjoys. During his earlier interactions with Yasuho, Josuke would pry on her breast size offhandedly, measuring it by sight (a trait that he probably gained from Yoshikage, as Holy was shown to possess a similar skill). Josuke has also demonstrated a more childish side, implanting his hair into Joshu and Hato Higashikata for fun. Whenever the mood is right Josuke seems to have fun declaring his victory. He notably consciously poses after outsmarting the population of Shakedown Road and also smugly claimed his win against Jobin in a stag beetle fight. Soft & Wet is Josuke's Stand. Initially belonging to Josefumi, Josuke retains it after the fusion with Kira, albeit with some minor differences. Its primary ability ("Plunder") is to steal some aspect or property of a target; to be contained in one or more small soap bubbles (bearing the image of his birthmark), which may be returned or transferred to other objects. This ability has been used both offensively and strategically. Soft & Wet also demonstrates above-average strength, and the capacity for rapid melee attack common to humanoid Stands. Like him, Josuke's Stand is described as a fusion of Yoshikage Kira's Killer Queen and the original Soft & Wet belonging to Josefumi Kujo. During his fight with Yotsuyu Yagiyama, Josuke decides to "use [his] soap bubbles for offense rather than defense..." Soft & Wet is shown to be able to surround and contain objects by creating a soap bubble and punching it into said object. The bubble bursts but then reforms around the target; Josuke is then able to make the bubble and object inside float anywhere he wants to, just like his regular soap bubbles. By combining strikes with his bubbles, he is able to 'inject' one of his soap bubbles into the flesh of his opponents, causing superficial damage when he pops them. The explosive property of the bubbles was first demonstrated against the A. Phex Brothers, and described by them as being very similar to Kira's ability.

Stand Name: Soft & Wet is the Stand of Josuke Higashikata, originally belonging to Josefumi Kujo, featured in JoJolion. Soft & Wet's Stand cry is "ORA ORA ORA ORA" similar to other members of the Joestar family, however every so often an "ORA" is switched to an "ARA". This could be the consequences of the fusion of Kira and Josefumi, being corrupted and altered. Soft & Wet is a humanoid close-range Stand. It possesses enhanced strength, demonstrated first when it breaks a large portion of an apartment wall with a single back kick, and is also capable of extremely rapid hand-to-hand combat. The extent of the damage it can inflict is limited, however, as it is unable to break rocks. Its strength in melee exchanges compared to other Stands has been further demonstrated in the brief encounter with Yotsuyu Yagiyama's Stand, I Am a Rock. Despite its volley of fast-paced strikes, Soft & Wet easily avoided and overcame it with a single 'Ora'-articulated strike. Soft & Wet generates star-embedded floating bubbles, which must make contact with its target to work effectively. However, Josuke can control where the bubbles can fly, allowing him to send them where they are needed. The bubbles are actually comprised of tiny cords vibrating at super-high speeds, giving them the appearance of spheres. Josuke often takes direct advantage of his bubbles and their properties. The bubbles have some lifting power, allowing Josuke to envelop others like Yotsuyu Yagiyama in a giant bubble and lift them in the air, as well as help him reach vantage points. Josuke has also enveloped himself and allies with giant bubbles to take advantage of their situational protection. Furthermore, the bubbles pop with a certain power, which can cause some damage and send contained small objects flying. Josuke notably damaged one of the A. Phex Brothers internally and destroyed Tamaki Damo's glasses. Both Rock Humans described this property as being similar to Kira's ability. As the story has progressed, Josuke has developed this ability. Early in the story, he would often use one bubble, but later on, is shown conjuring dozens upon dozens with a quick flurry of strikes. Soft & Wet's signature ability is to "steal something from [an object] and take it for itself", which works in conjunction with the bubbles. Josuke can thus steal aspects or properties of inanimate and living things. Said properties seem to also be smaller objects that come from a bigger object. Examples include: The stolen objects can stay in the bubble and are still able to bust later (as shown with the bubble with the sound of the light switch). The exact quantity and type of object Josuke may steal, how long he may keep them, and how it is redistributed is currently undefined. According to Josuke, Soft & Wet's ability cannot be applied to himself. While Josefumi Kujo was in control of Soft & Wet, its ability was "absorption". Josefumi could produce bubbles to take an aspect of something from an object. For example, he once added too much ground pepper to his ramen, and used Soft & Wet to remove most but not all of the pepper that ended up in the soup. The aspect of absorption also allows Josefumi to fuse two similar objects together by absorbing and releasing differing components of their structure. This is primarily used on plants, with Josefumi demonstrating his ability to seamlessly graft a broken plant branch onto another plant, which he and Yoshikage Kira use after stealing a single branch of the Rokakaka.

Stand User: Mannish Boy is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Mannish Boy is an evil genius baby and Stand user in DIO's service. He tries to murder the Joestar Group inside the nightmare-world of his Death Thirteen. Mannish Boy is an impossible genius; able to, although a baby, think like an adult. He is able to defend himself from a scorpion and is even seen smoking. When close to people, he tends to act like a normal baby in order to avoid attention. He only shows his true personality when his victims fall asleep close to him; allowing him to use his Stand, Death Thirteen. Through the Stand, disturbingly, Mannish Boy speaks easily, swearing and mocking; while still acting childish. He is also rather sadistic in killing his targets, prone to fits of maniacal laughter (written as a childish "hehehe") and boasting, though his overconfidence can betray him. Mannish Boy may be one of the most sadistic and disturbing characters in the series, showing no respect for human life, and enjoying torturing its victims instead of killing them outright, despite being only a baby. Mannish Boy's Stand is Death Thirteen, a clown-like Stand which can pull the consciousness of its sleeping victims into a dream-world where it has absolute control and where they cannot summon their Stands, then murder them with impunity. Precociousness: Demonstrating physical skill also unusual for his age, Mannish Boy is dexterous enough to kill a scorpion with a safety pin. Moreover, he is unusually intelligent for his age, as he's able to speak and have coherent thoughts, despite being only a baby. Precociousness: The stand represents the Tarot Card, Death, though it represents much more than physical death. It can represent an end, such as how the Crusaders considered ending their relationship with Noriaki Kakyoin because he suggested Mannish Boy was trying to kill them. It can also represent an increase of self awareness, as Kakyoin himself doubted Mannish Boy was a Stand User until the words "Baby Stand" were carved into his arm, and believed he was going insane when all proof of the baby's intent seemed to vanish. Mannish Boy was a baby that was given to the Joestar group by a woman, claiming that they needed to find his parents or he will be alone in the world. They reluctantly agree, without knowing the woman was actually scared of him and that the baby was a Stand user. Onboard an airplane, Mannish Boy uses his Stand to continuously attack Noriaki Kakyoin in his dreams, attacking the others when they also fell asleep. Kakyoin's violent movements in his sleep in response to the attack ended up downing the plane. As no one remembers what happened once awaken, everyone deemed Kakyoin crazy when he began suspecting the baby to be a Stand user. He eventually found a way to remember the dream by carving a message in his own arm with a knife while dreaming. Polnareff knocked out Kakyoin because he was convinced that Kakyoin had gone crazy due to the stress he was under. However, he had been knocked out while he had Hierophant Green out which allowed Kakyoin to use his Stand inside the dream world to defeat Death Thirteen. It also meant Kakyoin could remember the dream upon awakening. After the Stand is defeated and taken control of by Kakyoin, Mannish Boy is told that they are going to leave him in a nearby city where his mother should be around, from there he should return to his parents and stop mocking adults. Kakyoin teaches him that lesson forcefully by mixing some of his excrement into his baby food. Naturally, Joseph and Polnareff, who are clueless about this and believe Mannish Boy to be hungry, decide to feed him the contaminated food, forcing Mannish Boy to learn his lesson, while Kakyoin acts like nothing had happened. The events from Death Thirteen occur in a different way. Unlike the printed storyline, in the game Mannish Boy attacks the group from inside a plane en route to India. Mannish Boy appears only in Story Mode cutscenes; placed before and after Kakyoin's fight with Death Thirteen. Death Thirteen's Nightmare Dream world where the Joestar Group was trapped, is a playable stage in the game. There is a stage gimmick where Death Thirteen will hunt your character.

Stand Name: Death Thirteen, sometimes stylized as "DEATH 13", is the Stand of Mannish Boy, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Being an extension of Mannish Boy's consciousness, Thirteen reflects its user's vulgar and sadistic personality. In the dream world where it is almighty, Death Thirteen constantly insults and belittles its victims and takes pleasure in torturing them, having at one point made Kakyoin swallow several eyeballs just to horrify him. It has the habit of shouting "Lali-ho." It represents the Tarot Card Death. The stand's name also cites its place as the 13th card of the Major Arcana. Death Thirteen is unique in that it can only exist inside a dream world and thus requires that its victims are asleep. It is incredibly dangerous because it is certain to take people by surprise and it was only through chance that the Joestar Group survived its encounter. It is offset by the fact that the user, a baby at that, is defenseless when everyone is awake and cannot attract suspicion. This ability comes in two parts. When anything alive (human or otherwise) falls asleep near Mannish Boy, Death Thirteen's User, they are drawn into Death Thirteen's dream world, which appears as a massive carnival, complete with Ferris wheels and roller coasters. Death Thirteen has full control over this dream world. It is able to make death machines out of mechanical items, summon objects out of nothing, manipulate Polnareff's hair or Joseph's hand, basically shaping everything as it sees fit. However, the most redoubtable property of this dream world is that Stand Users cannot summon their Stand inside the dream world and are defenseless. Death Thirteen explains that because Stands are made of spiritual energy, during their sleep, their spirits are "off-guard" and cannot defend themselves, thus Users cannot conjure Stands. However, someone who falls asleep (or unconscious) with their Stand active beforehand will be able to summon the Stand inside the dream world. No one can willingly wake up from the dream world, but they can be normally woken up by someone else and thus saved temporarily. When they wake up, the surviving victims won't be able to remember anything from the dream but will still feel the dread they've had, giving the impression of a nightmare. However, someone who manages to bring their Stand into the dream world will remember the dream. In the dream world, Death Thirteen is free to torment and kill anyone inside the dream with its scythe. Any injuries the person receives in the dream world are transferred to the real world, including fatal ones. Inversely, it can also heal wounds if coerced, thus healing Kakyoin's cuts, which transfers into the real world too. If Death Thirteen is obliged to fight a Stand, it remains dangerous because of its mastery over the surrounding world, but is also very fragile and weak, relying on scythe sweeps to wound. Thus it was easily defeated by Hierophant Green. Unlike the original storyline, in the game, Mannish Boy attacks the entire group from inside a plane en route to India. During the battle, Death Thirteen's main attack consists of using its scythe several times. Death Thirteen appears as a special enemy faced in Arcade Mode. The conditions to fight him include using only one of the eight main hero characters (including Young Joseph and New Kakyoin) and the player cannot lose a single battle. If these conditions are completed, a "Here Comes a New Challenger" will appear on the screen, taking the player to the world of dreams to fight Death Thirteen. In the PlayStation version, the events from the Death Thirteen story arc appear in the Super Story mode, where the player has to defeat the Stand using Kakyoin. During the fight, Death Thirteen can summon a fake Star Platinum, Silver Chariot and Magician's Red to attack the player (these fakes are defeated with one attack), as well as fly around the stage and throw its sickle. Death Thirteen's special battle can also be unlocked on Gallery mode (Oingo and Boingo's book), but the player can only play as one of the eight heroes (including Young Joseph and New Kakyoin). Death Thirteen's nightmare world appears as a stage in the game. The Stand is a stage hazard and attacks players who cross its path with its scythe.

Stand User: Steely Dan is a minor antagonist from Stardust Crusaders. A Stand User using the microscopic Lovers, Steely Dan is sent to assassinate Enya the Hag and then confronts the Joestar Group in Pakistan. Steely Dan exhibits a particularly cruel, petty and cowardly personality. When he shows himself in front of the Joestar Group, Steely Dan is particularly smug and shows great confidence in his Stand. He cruelly kills Enya, telling her to her face that DIO ordered her execution which shook the old woman. Steely Dan subsequently takes Joseph hostage and proclaims the intention of destroying each of the heroes' brain one by one, exhibiting great confidence in his Stand's microscopic size and thus its ability to avoid being attacked. Steely Dan is greatly callous, punching a child for mildly hitting him with a stick which he asked. When he forces Jotaro to become do his bidding, Steely Dan takes pleasure in constantly humiliating the student, gratuitously hitting him, using him as a decoy to be beaten while he steals some jewelry, also enjoying to remotely torment Joseph through his power. Although he has confidence in Lovers, the moment Steely Dan finds himself at a disadvantage, he tries to flee and later to openly beg for mercy. To gain some time, he even goes as low as licking Jotaro's shoe. At the same time, he attempts two underhanded tactics to invade Jotaro and then take a child hostage, still begging when his tactics are foiled. Steely Dan also scams Joseph by overselling his kebabs. Steely Dan's general evilness earns him a well-deserved beating from Star Platinum. Steely Dan's Stand is Lovers, a microscopic Stand which can infiltrate someone's brain and returns any pain that Dan feels manifold to its current victim. Dan first appears as a Kebab salesman and haggles Joseph into spending 300 yen more than what he usually sells it for. Later Steely Dan confronts Jotaro Kujo and his friends in Pakistan. He first executes Enya to silence her, earning the rage of the four men at the time. Regardless, Steely Dan remains calm, mocking Jotaro by saying that he would not be able to touch him. However, Steely Dan is punched in the gut by Jotaro anyway, at which point Joseph Joestar also flies back. Steely Dan takes the opportunity to explain the abilities of his Stand and pays a child to hit his leg with a broomstick to prove his point. Steely Dan announces that he will kill Joseph if he is physically assaulted once more. Kakyoin and Polnareff would not take any chances of killing Steely Dan and Joseph. This enables him to force Jotaro to obey his whim, and he punches Jotaro and hits him with a rock. Subsequently, he forces Jotaro to follow him and involves him in a number of actions at his expense, taking his money, forcing him to use his body as a bridge for him to cross the ditch, and wiping his shoes, among other actions. It is around this point that Steely Dan realizes that Polnareff and Kakyoin have shrunk their Stands to combat his. However, shortly after Steely Dan steals an expensive bracelet and forces Jotaro to take the blame, he finds his head injured thanks to Hierophant Green's attacks, and is forced to remove his Stand from Joseph's brain. Upon realizing this, Steely Dan attempts to run away, but is abruptly stopped by Jotaro. Steely Dan then tries to buy time by sucking up to Jotaro and attempts to have his Stand enter Jotaro's ear. However, Jotaro had anticipated this and stops The Lovers with Star Platinum's precision, and subsequently uses it to crush his arm and leg. After Lovers is released, however, Steely Dan attempts to force it to enter the ear of a young girl nearby, but now it is stopped by Hierophant Green who had gotten a tentacle on Lovers that ties it up and pulls it away. Shortly after, Jotaro pays back Steely Dan for his previous actions, using Star Platinum to barrage him and send him flying into a nearby building. Steely Dan, or rather Lovers is one of the bosses featured in the game. In India, after the group defeats Enya, she declares that Joseph is infected with a Lover's seed. The group must then head to the local Speedwagon Foundation office to use a TV set and see Lovers inside of Joseph's brain. Jotaro, Polnareff, Kakyoin, and Avdol send their Stands to battle Lovers which is eventually defeated. Steely Dan (Written as "S-Terry Dan" in the localized PSX port") is an enemy in the PSX port's Super Story Mode. His chapter features a special minigame set inside Joseph Joestar's head, where the player controls both Hierophant Green and Silver Chariot and attempt to destroy Lovers. The minigame plays like a side-scrolling shooter similar to R-Type. After said minigame is beaten, Steely Dan is punished by Jotaro in a cutscene afterward.

Stand Name: Lovers is the Stand of Steely Dan, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Although it obeys Steely Dan's command without question, Lovers also displays its own personality. It has a sly and sneaky temperament and taunts its opponent in combat. Although it recognizes its weakness, it also considers itself terrifying because it has mastered its own strengths and is confident that it can beat both Silver Chariot and Hierophant Green. When pushed into a corner, it will flee. By Steely Dan's own words, Lovers is very weak, unable to even lift a single strand of hair. Because of its microscopic size, Lovers is by itself very vulnerable. However, its ability to infiltrate the brain makes it nonetheless a formidable and elusive Stand that is very difficult to reach and its reach of hundreds of kilometers makes escape impossible. Lovers' primary ability is to enter the brain of its victim, more precisely the brain stem, and manipulate their pain receptors. When Steely Dan feels any physical stimuli, be it the pain from a punch, or even the sensation of cracking his fingers, Lovers will go berserk inside the brain and return the pain several folds to its victim, causing them to be in agony. It can even cause phantom pain in absent limbs. It is used to take Joseph Joestar hostage. Lovers can take brain cells and turn them into mash for various uses. First, it can disguise itself as another Stand using the mash to cover itself but can also create a myriad of dummies that aren't the real Stand but can still harm a Stand that has been shrunk to its size. Although not inherent to itself, Lovers uses DIO's spores to kill its victims. Thanks to its size, it can carry an individual spore inside someone's brain and then feed it with brain cells in order to make it grow and eventually destroy the brain like it did with Enya's.

Stand User: Weather Report, real name Wes Bluemarine, born Domenico Pucci, is a major ally featured in Stone Ocean. An amnesiac at his introduction, Weather Report is a fellow inmate who seeks his memory and allies himself with Jolyne Cujoh. It is revealed that he is Enrico Pucci's mixed twin brother. Weather is a Stand User controlling the surrounding atmosphere through his ability, which is also named Weather Report. While deprived of his memories, Weather was mellow and eccentric. He would boldly stand a few inches next to Jolyne's face to get her attention rather than call her name and usually walks on his toes. He was trustworthy and compassionate, rescuing those in need without caring for his own safety. Unless someone he knew was in danger, Weather hardly panicked. Weather was also described as having a strong sense of justice, describing the worst injustice as "evil that does not know it is evil". Upon the return of his memories, he reveals his sinister colors. While still retaining his previous passion for his friends, he is not afraid to flaunt his powers for his own amusement. Weather smiles when he shocks unsuspecting victims or even skips in joy amongst his hazardous rainbows, his newer personality frightening even Anasui. His melancholy over his memories soon consumes him and drives him to settle things with his twin brother. He later develops Heavy Weather, representing the release of his basic Stand's full power; fostering a particular, bizarre delusion in all within its range. Not long after, when Pucci was stabbed by the Arrow, Weather gained a Stand ability on his own as well. After regaining consciousness, he sought out the head of the "private detective agency" for information on Pucci. Weather was filled with rage at both himself and the world, but his Stand made it impossible for him to kill himself. He tried jumping off a cliff, but winds blew him back to the cliff side. He tried drowning himself, but the waves pushed him back to the shore. He even tried shooting himself, but the gun chamber filled with water and refused to work. On the fourth day after his regained consciousness, snails began to rain from the sky as a result of his Stand. Pucci then confronted Weather, revealed that they were brothers, and removed Weather's memory disc using Whitesnake. First introduced as an amnesiac, Weather aided Jolyne at Emporio's request. Distant and a little naive, he continues to assist Jolyne and her companions from there after. He serves as valuable back up for F.F., causing the sky to rain if she is too dehydrated. After Pucci absorbs DIO's bone, Weather mysteriously gains a Joestar Birthmark. He joins Anasui -at the latter's insistence- in their search for Jolyne. Little is known about him as the story progresses until one of Dio's sons, Donatello Versus, steals his memories from Pucci's jacket. He regains his memories when Versus' Stand, Under World, returns the disc to him. With his memories back, Weather renewed his thirst for vengeance on Pucci. Anasui, demanding that they shift their focus to finding Jolyne, relented when he heard Weather's resolution. Weather felt that he was on his death bed and did not want anyone else to join him. He was not afraid to face death, feeling cheated from death for the last twenty years. With the birthmarks, Weather hunted Enrico easily and the brothers finally fought. Even with a severed leg (caused by Pucci, who extracted his own ability to see in order to avoid Heavy Weather's effect), Weather continues the fight thanks to the help of Diver Down. Although the fight was obviously in Weather's favor, Donatello Versus crashed a car nearby, distracting Weather from the finishing blow. Pucci used this chance of weakness to stab Weather through the heart with his hand. In his last moments, he was able to wrestle his Stand disc away from Pucci, a gift he left for Jolyne. His vengeance was ultimately delivered when Emporio used Weather's Stand to defeat Pucci. In the alternate universe, when Irene and Annakiss finally manage to start up their car, with Ermes and Emporio in tow, an alternate Weather is shown as a hitchhiker and joins the group shortly after. Weather Report appears in All Star Battle as part of the stage hazard in the Green Dolphin Street Prison stage. After one of the players is knocked into the hazard indication area, Weather will be seen injured and sitting in the background behind the gate of the courtyard, conjuring clouds shortly before the stage begins raining frogs (replicating the events from the Flash Flood Warning chapters in Part 6). The frogs will inflict poison status to anyone struck, temporarily turning their stamina bar purple as they suffer a gradual loss of health. (This is the only way to contract poison in the game, aside from Pannacotta Fugo's Homicidal Virus). Weather Report makes his first playable appearance in Eyes of Heaven. He was confirmed for the game alongside Jolyne, Ermes, and Pucci. As a Stand User, Weather is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. He may trap larger stage objects with lightning to shock and paralyze opponents, not unlike characters of the Ripple Style. He is paired with "Kosaku Kawajiri" in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, defeating Pucci and Akira Otoishi in the first round but eliminated by Giorno Giovanna and Guido Mista in the second.

Stand Name: Weather Report is the Stand of the prisoner, Weather Report, featured in Stone Ocean. This Stand is affiliated with Heavy Weather; another Stand or Stand ability belonging to Weather Report. Weather Report shows no particular personality but evidences a greater degree of care and preservation for its user (like Star Platinum does Jotaro) when it repeatedly saved its user from committing suicide. It appears that it retains some of its user's will at its final individual opportunity to confront Enrico Pucci while it was in the possession of Emporio Alniño. Weather Report is a versatile Stand possessing near-complete control over the weather. This powerful ability allows Weather Report a wide array of options during a fight either for offense or defense, and as a result, it is very capable in close-combat. Weather Report's ability is to control the weather through the manipulation of the atmosphere itself. Weather manipulates the surrounding atmosphere with his Stand, allowing him to freely summon several weather phenomenons like wind, rain, or lightning to his advantage. Weather Report has enough precision that it can create micro-climates, but also a range great enough that it can make it rain 30 km away. The scale of the phenomenons is also controllable; thus Weather Report can create heavy rain and fog over a large zone, but also a small sunny area in the middle of the rain. Weather Report's most featured use of its ability is control over wind for various purposes. Weather Report's manipulation of the atmosphere extends to the manipulation of the humidity around it, allowing free generation of and partial control over water and by extension clouds. Weather Report can also create electrical currents within its User's body, allowing partial control of several people's bodies when it electrifies them. He can also bring otherwise unlikely elements of the weather like rains of animals (in one such case a rain of poisonous frog). This particular ability is based off scenarios where dense populations of small animals are often picked up by tornadoes and 'rained' down when said tornadoes cease. Lastly, Weather Report can manipulate the concentration of specific gases in a closed area. Emporio uses this subtle hidden ability to defeat Pucci by paralyzing and intoxicating him with a lethal concentration of oxygen. Heavy Weather Unlike the rest of Weather Report's abilities, Heavy Weather is automatic, stemming from Weather's rage against humanity. It is incredibly dangerous and nearly impossible to protect against, and only sealing the ability or killing Weather will stop the chaos it will cause. In addition to the existing abilities of Weather Report, Heavy Weather generates various rainbows to fill a vicinity. If someone touches them, their body will morph into that of a snail. Only Weather Report is truly immune. The transformation can be either a progressive change into a giant snail hybrid, a breakdown into numerous snails, or an explosion into a cluster of snail eggs that hatch immediately. One can also begin to turn into a snail by physically touching one of the snails created, or an individual already turning into a snail. All animals are affected by the metamorphosis. A partial transformation alone comes with a number of handicaps such as getting stuck on surfaces, sluggish reactions and speed, and loss of strength because of the softening of the body. Moreover, the victims also become vulnerable to snail-eating predators and contact with salt, which dehydrates the body. Snails created through Heavy Weather can procreate freely thanks to their ability to change gender. The procreation is very fast and accelerates exponentially, causing a rapid multiplication of the snails. Any person trapped inside a swarmed area is practically doomed to be touched at least once and begin their metamorphosis. If left unchecked, the swarm of snails will endanger whole cities. It is eventually explained that Heavy Weather subconsciously alters the atmosphere and creates a subtle light projection with the sunlight that, if viewed, causes organisms to all think themselves as snails and forcing the transformation, like an exaggeration of subliminal messages; it is unknown why it is snails specifically. As discovered by Enrico Pucci, a blind person is immune to the effect of the Stand, since they can't see the subliminal messages carried through the sun rays. This allowed Pucci to protect himself by having Whitesnake extract his sight. Regardless, once a person starts transforming into a snail, the process is irreversible.

Stand User: Cioccolata is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. A mad surgeon reconverted into a member of Passione and by extension the Boss' Unita Speciale, Cioccolata is dispatched near Rome alongside his human pet Secco in order to kill Team Bucciarati. He subsequently battles Giorno Giovanna and Guido Mista at the top of a tower. Cioccolata is a Stand User and uses his noxious Green Day to infect people with a deadly mold. Cioccolata is a skilled manipulative sadist. According to Diavolo, Cioccolata was a former surgeon dismissed from his hospital for a medical accident two years before the start of Vento Aureo. However, the deaths were not accidents but were just cover-ups for Cioccolata to freely operate on them, diagnosing healthy patients ill before doing so. He would sometimes limit their anesthetics so the patients would regain consciousness mid-operation, allowing him to delight in the patient's suffering and death. Despite his sadistic nature, Cioccolata is very fond of his servant Secco, treating him as a pet of some sort and giving him treats regularly. He even confides his ambition of surpassing the boss during the fight in his confidence over their shared invincibility, entrusting him with the act of finding the secret to Diavolo's downfall in his final message. Cioccolata's Stand, Green Day, is a humanoid power Stand which spreads a deadly mold, which eventually consumes people's flesh. The mold's growth is triggered by a lowering of altitude and has unlimited range, as long as other people are infected. Surgical Genius: Cioccolata is a trained surgeon and his sick experiments gave him an intimate knowledge of the human body, notably on which body parts he can cut while preserving his victim's life. His surgery skills are great, as he could perform surgery on himself quickly enough to bisect his own body while Mista and Giorno went up to meet him. In addition, his knowledge of medical tools and sealing blood vessels allows him to limit his blood loss so that he wouldn't bleed out during his battle with Giorno. Surgical Genius: While in the original manga, Cioccolata simply puts himself together afterward, the anime adaptation expands on it. Instead, Cioccolata is shown stitching himself together. A young Cioccolata was constantly at the top of his class. When he was fourteen years old, he volunteered to take care of bedridden elderly people and received a commendation from the town mayor himself. In truth, however, Cioccolata did not actually take care of the elderly at all. Instead, he intentionally fed them unhygienic food and illegal drugs, and would then whisper into their ears about how no one would visit them and other emotionally destructive things. This torment eventually drove old people to despair and eventually commit suicide. He even filmed the expressions of his helpless victims and their deaths. Diavolo found that he has kept over 25 tapes worth of this material. After psychologically manipulating nine patients into committing suicide, Cioccolata decided to become a doctor. Cioccolata eventually became a surgeon, continuing his crimes on unwitting patients. There were at least four cases in which Cioccolata misdiagnosed people to perform surgery on them but also would mess up the dose of anesthetic so that they would wake up mid-operation. Two years before the events of Vento Aureo, Cioccolata killed one of his patients. He was caught and sacked, but his deliberate murder was nonetheless mistaken as an accident. The anime version shows that the patient has had his stomach cut open and his innards played with by Cioccolata. At some point, one of his would-be victims, Secco, ended up as his underling and a sort of "pet". Eventually, the two would join the underground crime syndicate Passione and gained their Stands, though the Boss believed that their abilities were too dangerous to carry out missions and that their loyalty was fickle. The anime implies that he, alongside Secco, was the one to brutally cut Sorbet of La Squadra Esecuzioni into pieces while a helpless and captured Gelato choked on his gag. He was first introduced when Diavolo, explaining to Doppio, claimed that he had no choice but to call Cioccolata and Secco to intercept Team Bucciarati at Rome. Diavolo, although not very hateful or spiteful of many people, loathed Cioccolata, referring to him as "despicable" and "trash." He is first seen using his Stand Green Day on Mista and Narancia. With his Stand in effect, he moves to a safer spot above the group as they suffer, telling Secco to record their pain. When Mista, Bucciarati, and Giorno escape his deadly trap, he and Secco board a helicopter to ascend above Rome and raise the effects of Green Day, directly dropping corpses with the mold onto Bucciarati and co.'s car. Secco jumps down from the helicopter to stall the gang but ends up fighting Bucciarati as the other two head for Cioccolata's helicopter. With a quick combo, Mista fires bullets at a nearby building, allowing Giorno to use his Gold Experience to turn the bullets into vines and latch onto the helicopter, taking the fight to the air. The two reach the helicopter, and Mista fires his Sex Pistols into the craft. It is then that all of them come to the conclusion that Cioccolata was not inside before Green Day's mold suddenly destroys most of them, incapacitating Mista. When Giorno gets to the helicopter, accompanied by No.5, the last Sex Pistol left available and is the one keeping Mista alive, Cioccolata shows himself in an ambush as missing most of his body aside from his head and half his torso. Being an expert in human anatomy, he reveals that he is able to dismember his own body while keeping himself alive by using Green Day's mold to stop vital blood vessels from bleeding. With said skill, he is able to hide and move his dismembered body parts around the helicopter and overwhelms Giorno. After throwing him out of the helicopter, Cioccolata gloats as he believes that he gets to watch Giorno reduced to dust as he falls as part of his own theory of happiness. However, No.5 sends the bullet it carried with it through Giorno's hand and into the helicopter's propeller, allowing a branch to grow and catch him. Cioccolata decides to tilt the helicopter in order for his mold to destroy the branch, but upon doing so, the branch's roots are reverted back into the bullet as the helicopter's propellers deflect it straight into his head, seemingly killing him. Giorno tells Cioccolata's limp body at length that he'll spare him if he does not attack when he climbs up to get to him. Upon Giorno's first sudden movement, Cioccolata reveals that in the time that Giorno took speaking, his left arm had gotten to Mista's throat, promising to slit it should Giorno attack him. Fortunately for Mista, Giorno had used that same time frame to allow the bullet that entered Cioccolata's head earlier to turn into a stag beetle with Gold Experience's ability and eat Cioccolata's brain. While Cioccolata is shocked that Giorno lied about sparing his life, Giorno tells him to "know his place", and that doing something like sparing the likes of him is too good to be true. Finally, after expressing disappointment in Cioccolata's supposed theory of happiness, Giorno has Gold Experience finish off Cioccolata with a very lengthy fist barrage, severing chunks of his body and sending him flying off the roof and into a combustible trash compactor on the ground level, ending Green Day's destruction all over Rome. Cioccolata appears as a supporting enemy for Secco in Chapter 17 and is faced directly in Chapter 18 with the player taking control of Giorno. In Chapter 17, Mista must not stop moving towards the end of the level or else Green Day's mold will start manifesting on him and deal continuous damage. In Chapter 18, Giorno and Cioccolata battle on the rooftop. Unlike other Stand Users, Green Day acts separately from Cioccolata: The Stand will hover about the stage, "bouncing" off the invisible walls and leaving trails of mold that will inflict continuous damage on Giorno if he comes into contact. Cioccolata himself will attack Giorno, either by kicking and punching him, or tearing himself into pieces and attacking the player as individually moving parts.

Stand Name: Green Day is the Stand of Cioccolata, featured in Vento Aureo. It is said that because its user, Cioccolata, is full of malice, Green Day developed an ability to inflict tremendous pain and damage to its victims' bodies. The Stand's own personality, if existent, is unknown, though it is seen smiling when it pushed Giorno out of Cioccolata's helicopter to see him fall to his death, indicating that it shares its master's sadistic personality. Green Day is an overwhelmingly deadly Stand as its mold has the potential to massacre whole cities. Although it shows enough combat ability to pummel Giorno and send him flying, Cioccolata relies on trickery and the mold to fight. Green Day and Oasis form a deadly combination of Stands because Secco can force targets to sink underground, accelerating Cioccolata's mold's growth. Green Day's primary ability is to produce a potent mold that rots and destroys the flesh of those it infects in an instant. Said mold is spread into the air through several tubes protruding from Green Day's head, shoulders, and hands. The mold's growth is triggered when the potential victims lower their current altitude, a condition that applies even to individual limbs, forcing them to either stay immobile or go upwards. If one lowers themselves, such as to pick up something or if they are on the floor, they will fall victim to the mold. The lower the altitude, the faster it spreads; a person lying on the floor can be consumed in a matter of seconds, while someone bending over may take a bit longer to die. However, the growth is stopped if the victim manages to increase their altitude before it is too late. Green Day's mold indiscriminately attacks all life forms, whether they be people, animals or plants. However, things that are not living, such as Bruno Bucciarati's body after he was killed by King Crimson, are not affected. Stands are also not affected, as Mista was able to retreive his gun from a lower altitude using Sex Pistols. The mold rapidly spreads from corpse to corpse, thus potentially having an infinite range and could slaughter a high number of people in populated areas, as well as making its User harder to find among the corpses. Green Day's Stand stats state that this ability stems from Cioccolata's morbid curiosity. A hidden ability of Green Day is that Cioccolata can implant its mold within his own severed limbs and body parts. Doing so allows Cioccolata to control his limbs freely, as if they were still attached to his body. With this technique, Cioccolata can ambush opponents or attack them from multiple directions with his severed limbs and hide within cramped spaces. He can also call his severed pieces back together when he needs to, restoring Cioccolata to his original form.

Stand User: Poor Tom is an antagonist featured in JoJolion. Poor Tom is an executive within the Rokakaka Organization, and the supervisor of Urban Guerrilla. He appears before Jobin Higashikata, instructing him to seal off the Higashikata orchard so he can attack. Poor Tom is a Stand User that wields the depressurising Ozon Baby. Poor Tom is a lecherous individual who is nonetheless straight to the point. Belying his appearance, Tom has a rather vulgar personality. He claims to have a girlfriend and still eyes other women, using his size to look under their skirts. He also speaks in a familiar tone. Despite his quirks, Tom is quick to refocus on his goals. He accurately analyzes the situation after Urban Guerrilla doesn't report to him and quickly goes to Jobin to enlist him. In a bold move, he reveals a part of his Stand's secret to Jobin and decides to completely close off the entirety of the Higashikata's orchard to simply make Josuke unable to approach the Rokakaka. Poor Tom is additionally malicious in his intent, withholding information from Jobin that his Stand would not only target Josuke and Rai Mamezuku but the entire Higashikata family too. Planning to take his time once Jobin and everyone in his way is dead, Tom would search for the Rokakaka at his leisure. However, Poor Tom displays a cowardly and desperate side to his personality when his life is truly threatened. After being corner by Josuke, Poor Tom resorts to begging and pleading for his life; offering Josuke large amounts of money to spare him. As a doctor specialized in obstetrics, it can be inferred that Poor Tom was bright enough to obtain his diploma. Poor Tom's Stand Ozon Baby has the power to seal off an entire area once its physical representation, a LEGO White House replica, is buried underground. Once buried, the area will be affected by an intense depressurization that attacks indiscriminately. Poor Tom is a Rock Human, but his youth is unknown. At one point, he integrated an organization of fellow Rock Humans and became Urban Guerrilla and Doremifasolati Do's handler. Learning of a brand new variety of Rokakaka tied to a hidden branch and which could make people immortal, Poor Tom instructs Urban and Doremifasolati Do to capture Rai Mamezuku and eliminate his bodyguards. After their failure to report back, Tom deduces they have been killed and phones Jobin Higashikata to get into contact. He meets up with Jobin and tells him to bury a LEGO White House replica within the Higashikata Family's orchard. Poor Tom reveals that this will seal off the entire orchard and activate his Stand Ozon Baby. At the same time, he seduces a woman. In truth, Poor Tom has tricked Jobin into attacking the whole Higashikata estate, which gravely wounds most of the family and traps Jobin and Tsurugi. Tom's plan is derailed when Jobin calls him to inform him that he's set the orchard on fire. Panicking, Tom hurries to the orchard and unearths Ozon Baby. It is then that he accidentally meets with Rai. The plant appraiser breaks up the famed Rokakaka branch, revealing it to Tom, but also begins to attack him. Tied to Doggy Style's wire and his neck threatening to break, Poor Tom is saved as Ozon Baby's full power crushes Rai. Unfortunately for him, Josuke intervenes and the pair forces him to swallow a poisonous yew seed. Poor Tom finishes Rai off, takes the branch and tries to flee despite the poison infecting his body. Josuke still pursues him and launches a multi-layered bubble. Eventually cornered by the bubble, Poor Tom nonetheless sees a fire truck and ambulance approaching the estate and hopes that his allies are here to rescue him. Poor Tom flees from Josuke's bubble. He disables Ozon Baby to change the course of the bubble, it pops, showing nothing inside. Poor Tom, after grabbing what he thinks to be the Rokakaka branch, runs towards the ambulance before he is suddenly shot to death by an unknown assailant.

Stand Name: Ozon Baby is the Stand of Poor Tom, featured in JoJolion. According to Jobin Higashikata's findings, Ozon Baby is a long-range automatic Stand, thus possessing a powerful ability sustainable even away from its user Poor Tom. However, proximity to Tom himself dramatically increases the pressure variations. Tom reveals that its power has an area of effect of 100 meter radius. Ozon Baby's power revolves around manipulating air pressure in a way capable of cordoning off an area. Burying the Lego house in the soil dampens the effect of the pressure. In addition to this area-of-effect depressurization, Ozon Baby's physical manifestation either can create illusions of itself or is made of air, making it impervious to normal attacks. Upon activation, Ozon Baby automatically begins to cause atmospheric pressure anomalies. Hollow objects such as plastic containers begin to collapse in on themselves, and living organisms begin to experience mild depressurization sickness, with symptoms such as pain in the ears and nosebleeds. If one steps outside of a sealed room, the depressurization sickness becomes dramatically more severe. All the air dissolved inside the blood vessel form bubbles, causing severe bleeding in the capillaries, notably in the eyes, nose and ears, which can debilitate a grown man in seconds, and cause eyes to pop out of their sockets. This effect is likely to prove lethal if the exposure is prolonged. Any room that is opened but then closed regains its atmospheric pressure, the walls and closed openings acting as barriers to Ozon Baby's power. Any surviving victim managing to regain the safety of a closed room can recover from their depressurization sickness. However, merely staying inside a closed space is also dangerous as the pressure inside will gradually increase to lethal levels. At its worst, the crushing pressure causes the body to cave in on itself.

Stand User: Thunder McQueen is a minor antagonist appearing in Stone Ocean. Thunder is a suicidal inmate working as a janitor in Green Dolphin Street Prison, who was given the Stand Highway to Hell by Whitesnake via a Stand Disc. He soon links his death with Ermes Costello's and tries to kill himself repeatedly. McQueen is suicidal, suffering from a personality disorder resulting from crippling depression. He mentions that he goes to confession to make himself feel better. He also is quite self-centered, believing himself to be rejected by society. McQueen develops a distorted, simple, and one-sided relationship with Ermes Costello during their confrontation. Thunder's Stand, apparently lent to him via a Stand Disc, is able to transfer, to at least one target, the effects on him of his attempts at suicide. McQueen was sentenced to 8 years in prison for having shot a woman, which he claims was a freak accident when he picked up a gun to clean it and it went off at the same moment the woman fell past his window while attempting suicide by jumping from the 11th floor of his building. McQueen first appears as a janitor reaching up Ermes Costello's skirt to steal her money. She takes his memory disc away after it comes out of his head when she tries to get her money back. Ermes finds McQueen attempting to kill himself by means of hanging and attempted drowning which puts her in the same physical situation due to Highway to Hell's powers, forcing her to help him. Ermes unsuccessfully tries to talk him out of suicide by speaking words of encouragement and even offering to give him her panties, which fails to make him want to live but sparks his desire to kill them both together. McQueen attempts suicide by electrocution as Ermes places a sticker on his head, severing it before the electricity could do fatal damage to her. Eventually, she defeats him by using Kiss to split his head in two, knocking his Stand Disc out when it goes back together. He isn't seen again, but Ermes says to Jolyne that she put McQueen's memory disk back inside him to revive him, albeit without a Stand.

Stand Name: Highway to Hell is the Stand of Thunder McQueen, featured in Stone Ocean. Highway to Hell possesses no combat ability whatsoever, but its ability to share damage, combined with Thunder McQueen's pathologically suicidal tendency, makes it a surprisingly dangerous Stand. When McQueen attempts to kill himself, he can also make someone die alongside him in the same way he does. When McQueen applies Highway to Hell on someone, the target will suffer the same damage he inflicts upon himself, through Highway to Hell manifesting itself on the victims body as the source of the harm. For instance, if McQueen tries to hang himself, Highway to Hell manifests itself around the victim's neck with traces of a noose crushing their throat; when McQueen tries to drown himself, Highway to Hell appears as a liquid mass covering the mouth and nose of the victim. Highway to Hell's stats even suggest that McQueen starving himself could possibly work. Moreover, the person linked to McQueen also takes the same pose as him. Highway to Hell functions even if the targets flees away from McQueen, thus to save the victim, one must stop McQueen from killing himself and take away the Stand Disc.

Stand User: Yoshikage Kira is the main antagonist of Diamond is Unbreakable. Unnoticed in Morioh for years and undisturbed all his life, Yoshikage Kira is an abnormal and paraphilic serial killer whose routine is shaken when the ghost of his first victim, Reimi Sugimoto, begs the Joestar Group to look for him and he attracts unwanted attention by killing Shigekiyo Yangu. Kira is a Stand User and wields the powerful Killer Queen to create deadly bombs. Kira is also the protagonist of the short story Dead Man's Questions. Yoshikage Kira has light, loosely combed back hair with a few strands out of place. He wears a light Valentino suit and a dark tie patterned by a column of skull emblems with upright, cat-like ears, similar to those on his Stand, Killer Queen. As a salesman by profession, he wears a similar suit throughout the series, though he usually takes off his jacket at home. Kira adopts one face other than his original one in Part 4, and a ghostly body resembling his original, with a unique outfit, after this. He remains a man of average height and slim to athletic build. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. When Kosaku Kawajiri is killed, Kira assumes his facial features, including his spiky black hair, thin, large dark irises, and higher cheekbones. He retains his suit, changing only his tie to his normal Skull tie. After being hit by the Arrow and receiving Killer Queen's third bomb, Kira's hairstyle spontaneously changes, becoming perfectly combed back, light, and striped by black strands. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Shortly after he dies, as a ghost, he retains Kosaku's features for a few moments before reverting to his original appearance, which he retains in Dead Man's Questions. Henceforth, he adopts an elaborate outfit consisting of a dark bowler hat with an upturned brim and a tie, both patterned by concentric squares, and a shirtless, dark, lapelless suit. Kira is a serial killer, characterized as highly egocentric and psychopathic, with a few obsessive-compulsive tendencies. He is also a hand fetishist. Kira longs for a peaceful and quiet life, safe from any worry, and does not wish for it to be interrupted. Whenever that life seems assured, Kira adopts a jolly and confident demeanor. Although he is highly intelligent and possesses many talents, this yearning shows in his dislike of coming in first, and Jotaro theorizes from his many trophies that he even made it a point to never rank better than 3rd in any competition so as not to stand out. Since his youth, Kira has been avoiding standing out, living a healthy life and following a strict regimen. He becomes bothered when someone disrupts his habits and goes to extreme lengths to get them back. As his father pointed out, this will to stay in the background was so bad that if bullied or denied his favorite toy, Kira would bite his nails until they bled, being the only way he's found to express his frustration. However, beneath his façade of a simple, humble salaryman, Kira is very abnormal. The most abnormal characteristic of Kira is his frequent and periodic murderous impulses. Kira targets women, or, more specifically, women with beautiful hands. Kira possesses a hand fetish, which he discovered when he found himself aroused by the Mona Lisa's hands. However, his desire has never extended to the rest of the female person and he otherwise shuns their presence. This results in murdering random women, not caring in the least how they look like or behave, in order to acquire their (severed) hands as "girlfriends", acting as if the severed hands were actually sentient and conversing with them, even offering them various gifts. When one "girlfriend" begins to decay, he disposes of it and goes off in search of a replacement. Kira is an opportunistic killer, his modus operandi being spotting a potential victim, following her to her house, and murdering her when both are isolated. His Stand erasing any proof, these murders are actually reported as missing persons. Moreover, Kira has expressed various other similarly violent impulses such as the desire to choke his victims to death and has horribly scarred at least Reimi Sugimoto. Apart from his murders, Kira is particularly violent when someone threatens his way of life or publicly humiliates him. Since Kira doesn't want to be noticed, he will try everything to solve his problems without facing anyone directly. However, if he doesn't have any other choice, he will instantly try to kill whoever discovers his true nature. Kira is quick to drop his polite demeanor, rudely insulting his foes or violently beating them before killing them. After Koichi's Echoes ACT 3 results in Kira making a fool of himself in public and attracting unwanted attention, Kira went on his way to torture and humiliate Koichi, putting his shoe into his mouth and slamming his face against the ground. Kira has a hard time controlling these impulses, as seen when Hayato Kawajiri threatened to blackmail him. Kira lost his calm attitude and murdered him despite knowing he couldn't afford such a mistake. Kira is also afflicted with a number of other quirks. Apart from his wish for a monotonous and tranquil life, Kira's OCD also makes him very meticulous and thorough. Kira has sophisticated tastes, notably buying his lunch at the best store in town as well as wearing Valentino suits. He doesn't tolerate any imperfection and is even willing to lose time fixing Koichi's socks, becoming agitated when he sees them being worn inside-out. Furthermore, during his time as Kosaku Kawajiri, Kira made sure to perfectly mimic his new identity in every way, notably Kosaku's hand-writing, which he trained himself to do conscientiously. Kira's solitary nature is partially stemmed from his disgust of people who don't behave as properly as he does. Kira is also an egocentric and selfish man, akin to a spoiled child. He doesn't care that is crimes involve murder and make his victim's relatives suffer. He only seeks to satisfy his basic instincts. In addition, Kira is determined to preserve his lifestyle, and being set back only increases his determination. Kira is also quick to shift the blame to someone else for his troubles, notably the Joestar group, for ruining his life. Kira possesses a twisted pride in having managed to mix his tranquil lifestyle and his serial murders for so long, and categorically refused to flee the town and live in fear, preferring to maintain a shaky façade of normal life with the Kawajiri's. In addition, while normally a very cautious meticulous man who ensures he leaves no evidence behind, there are a few occasions where he becomes overconfident and lets his guard down, and each time has led him to a confrontation with the Joestar group or defeat at their hands. He once put his "girlfriend hand" in a sandwich bag and failed to notice Shigechi's presence as he came to take the sandwich bag, thinking it was his. This would lead him to his first confrontation with the Joestar group. In addition, he left his jacket to a tailor at Centipede shoes and left his real name, forcing him to confront them. He was overconfident in his Sheer Heart Attack, believing it was invincible and leaving the scene but was forced to return to the scene of his crime when Koichi managed to subdue Sheer Heart Attack. In addition, he let his guard down near a wounded Jotaro, allowing Jotaro the opportunity to beat him. Finally, when he was overconfident he had beaten Hayato Kawajiri in his attempt to stop him, he blurted out his real name in front of Josuke by mistake, which Hayato had planned. Kira believes that he has luck and fate on his side, exposing a superstitious façade, claiming that whenever faced with an obstacle he will be able to make it through with a combination of hard work and opportunity. He measures and collects his own fingernail clippings, using them to predict his murdering luck off of their length. When Kira was pierced with the Arrow, his demeanor became much more relaxed and prone to elation due to his new-found power, which guaranteed that anyone approaching Hayato would be killed. Ecstatic to possess a power which would dispose of anyone who investigated him, Kira allowed himself one loud boast, which caused his downfall as Josuke overheard him claiming to be "Yoshikage Kira". During his confrontation with the Stand Stray Cat, Kira expressed a desire to protect his "wife", Shinobu Kawajiri, and even showed relief at her safety. A feeling that confused him, and Kira rationalized it as him merely not wanting to arouse suspicion. Whether these feelings were genuine or not is left unanswered. As a ghost, Kira lost all memory of his previous life and has thus lost his temptation to kill. However, his desire for a peaceful existence and his latent brutality remained. Kira's Stand, Killer Queen, is a humanoid, short-range Stand with the unique ability to cleanly, and completely, wipe out objects and people alike with targeted explosions. This ability takes three forms that Kira names Bomb #1, #2, and #3. After developing Bomb #3, Kira keeps Stray Cat in Killer Queen's abdomen. With Killer Queen's Primary Bomb charging Stray Cat's condensed air bubbles, Kira may create invisible, speedy air bombs to use as projectiles. Although he cannot see these bombs, he is skilled in determining their trajectory using basic mathematical skills. Despite the power of his Stand, Killer Queen, Kira's passivity led to an overreliance on its powers to the detriment of actual mastery. Up until his appearance, Kira has avoided fighting at all, leading to a laissez-faire approach to Stand battles. Although he did personally kill Shigekiyo Yangu and knows a great deal about the subtleties of Killer Queen, he then let Sheer Heart Attack take care of two Stand Users, leading to an unexpected defeat and almost leading to his capture. He then became overconfident in Bites the Dust's invincibility, again leaving ample opportunity for Hayato to seek a loophole. Kira's tendency to hide and avoid instead of confronting his foes has left him no time to show any imagination in using his Stand. However, thanks to his intellect and "lucky" meeting with Stray Cat, Kira could sublimate Killer Queen's power to create a deadly long-range combination of Stand abilities. Yoshikage Kira is the main antagonist of Diamond is Unbreakable. Yoshikage Kira Unnoticed in Morioh for years and undisturbed all his life, Yoshikage Kira is an abnormal and paraphilic serial killer whose routine is shaken when the ghost of his first victim, Reimi Sugimoto, begs the Joestar Group to look for him and he attracts unwanted attention by killing Shigekiyo Yangu. Kira is a Stand User and wields the powerful Killer Queen to create deadly bombs. Kira is also the protagonist of the short story Dead Man's Questions. When Kosaku Kawajiri is killed, Kira assumes his facial features, including his spiky black hair, thin, large dark irises, and higher cheekbones. He retains his suit, changing only his tie to his normal Skull tie. After being hit by the Arrow and receiving Killer Queen's third bomb, Kira's hairstyle spontaneously changes, becoming perfectly combed back, light, and striped by black strands. Shortly after he dies, as a ghost, he retains Kosaku's features for a few moments before reverting to his original appearance, which he retains in Dead Man's Questions. Henceforth, he adopts an elaborate outfit consisting of a dark bowler hat with an upturned brim and a tie, both patterned by concentric squares, and a shirtless, dark, lapelless suit. Kira is a serial killer, characterized as highly egocentric and psychopathic, with a few obsessive-compulsive tendencies. He is also a hand fetishist. Kira longs for a peaceful and quiet life, safe from any worry, and does not wish for it to be interrupted. Whenever that life seems assured, Kira adopts a jolly and confident demeanor. Although he is highly intelligent and possesses many talents, this yearning shows in his dislike of coming in first, and Jotaro theorizes from his many trophies that he even made it a point to never rank better than 3rd in any competition so as not to stand out. Since his youth, Kira has been avoiding standing out, living a healthy life and following a strict regimen. He becomes bothered when someone disrupts his habits and goes to extreme lengths to get them back. As his father pointed out, this will to stay in the background was so bad that if bullied or denied his favorite toy, Kira would bite his nails until they bled, being the only way he's found to express his frustration. However, beneath his façade of a simple, humble salaryman, Kira is very abnormal. The most abnormal characteristic of Kira is his frequent and periodic murderous impulses. Kira targets women, or, more specifically, women with beautiful hands. Kira possesses a hand fetish, which he discovered when he found himself aroused by the Mona Lisa's hands. However, his desire has never extended to the rest of the female person and he otherwise shuns their presence. This results in murdering random women, not caring in the least how they look like or behave, in order to acquire their (severed) hands as "girlfriends", acting as if the severed hands were actually sentient and conversing with them, even offering them various gifts. When one "girlfriend" begins to decay, he disposes of it and goes off in search of a replacement. Kira is an opportunistic killer, his modus operandi being spotting a potential victim, following her to her house, and murdering her when both are isolated. His Stand erasing any proof, these murders are actually reported as missing persons. Moreover, Kira has expressed various other similarly violent impulses such as the desire to choke his victims to death and has horribly scarred at least Reimi Sugimoto. Apart from his murders, Kira is particularly violent when someone threatens his way of life or publicly humiliates him. Since Kira doesn't want to be noticed, he will try everything to solve his problems without facing anyone directly. However, if he doesn't have any other choice, he will instantly try to kill whoever discovers his true nature. Kira is quick to drop his polite demeanor, rudely insulting his foes or violently beating them before killing them. After Koichi's Echoes ACT 3 results in Kira making a fool of himself in public and attracting unwanted attention, Kira went on his way to torture and humiliate Koichi, putting his shoe into his mouth and slamming his face against the ground. Kira has a hard time controlling these impulses, as seen when Hayato Kawajiri threatened to blackmail him. Kira lost his calm attitude and murdered him despite knowing he couldn't afford such a mistake. Kira is also afflicted with a number of other quirks. Apart from his wish for a monotonous and tranquil life, Kira's OCD also makes him very meticulous and thorough. Kira has sophisticated tastes, notably buying his lunch at the best store in town as well as wearing Valentino suits. He doesn't tolerate any imperfection and is even willing to lose time fixing Koichi's socks, becoming agitated when he sees them being worn inside-out. Furthermore, during his time as Kosaku Kawajiri, Kira made sure to perfectly mimic his new identity in every way, notably Kosaku's hand-writing, which he trained himself to do conscientiously. Kira's solitary nature is partially stemmed from his disgust of people who don't behave as properly as he does. Kira is also an egocentric and selfish man, akin to a spoiled child. He doesn't care that is crimes involve murder and make his victim's relatives suffer. He only seeks to satisfy his basic instincts. In addition, Kira is determined to preserve his lifestyle, and being set back only increases his determination. Kira is also quick to shift the blame to someone else for his troubles, notably the Joestar group, for ruining his life. Kira possesses a twisted pride in having managed to mix his tranquil lifestyle and his serial murders for so long, and categorically refused to flee the town and live in fear, preferring to maintain a shaky façade of normal life with the Kawajiri's. In addition, while normally a very cautious meticulous man who ensures he leaves no evidence behind, there are a few occasions where he becomes overconfident and lets his guard down, and each time has led him to a confrontation with the Joestar group or defeat at their hands. He once put his "girlfriend hand" in a sandwich bag and failed to notice Shigechi's presence as he came to take the sandwich bag, thinking it was his. This would lead him to his first confrontation with the Joestar group. In addition, he left his jacket to a tailor at Centipede shoes and left his real name, forcing him to confront them. He was overconfident in his Sheer Heart Attack, believing it was invincible and leaving the scene but was forced to return to the scene of his crime when Koichi managed to subdue Sheer Heart Attack. In addition, he let his guard down near a wounded Jotaro, allowing Jotaro the opportunity to beat him. Finally, when he was overconfident he had beaten Hayato Kawajiri in his attempt to stop him, he blurted out his real name in front of Josuke by mistake, which Hayato had planned. Kira believes that he has luck and fate on his side, exposing a superstitious façade, claiming that whenever faced with an obstacle he will be able to make it through with a combination of hard work and opportunity. He measures and collects his own fingernail clippings, using them to predict his murdering luck off of their length. When Kira was pierced with the Arrow, his demeanor became much more relaxed and prone to elation due to his new-found power, which guaranteed that anyone approaching Hayato would be killed. Ecstatic to possess a power which would dispose of anyone who investigated him, Kira allowed himself one loud boast, which caused his downfall as Josuke overheard him claiming to be "Yoshikage Kira". During his confrontation with the Stand Stray Cat, Kira expressed a desire to protect his "wife", Shinobu Kawajiri, and even showed relief at her safety. A feeling that confused him, and Kira rationalized it as him merely not wanting to arouse suspicion. Whether these feelings were genuine or not is left unanswered. As a ghost, Kira lost all memory of his previous life and has thus lost his temptation to kill. However, his desire for a peaceful existence and his latent brutality remained. Kira's Stand, Killer Queen, is a humanoid, short-range Stand with the unique ability to cleanly, and completely, wipe out objects and people alike with targeted explosions. This ability takes three forms that Kira names Bomb #1, #2, and #3. After developing Bomb #3, Kira keeps Stray Cat in Killer Queen's abdomen. With Killer Queen's Primary Bomb charging Stray Cat's condensed air bubbles, Kira may create invisible, speedy air bombs to use as projectiles. Although he cannot see these bombs, he is skilled in determining their trajectory using basic mathematical skills. Despite the power of his Stand, Killer Queen, Kira's passivity led to an overreliance on its powers to the detriment of actual mastery. Up until his appearance, Kira has avoided fighting at all, leading to a laissez-faire approach to Stand battles. Although he did personally kill Shigekiyo Yangu and knows a great deal about the subtleties of Killer Queen, he then let Sheer Heart Attack take care of two Stand Users, leading to an unexpected defeat and almost leading to his capture. He then became overconfident in Bites the Dust's invincibility, again leaving ample opportunity for Hayato to seek a loophole. Kira's tendency to hide and avoid instead of confronting his foes has left him no time to show any imagination in using his Stand. However, thanks to his intellect and "lucky" meeting with Stray Cat, Kira could sublimate Killer Queen's power to create a deadly long-range combination of Stand abilities.

Stand Name: Killer Queen is the Stand of Yoshikage Kira, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Killer Queen is unusual among humanoid Stands with complete faces in that its facial expression almost never reflects that of its user, and is instead nearly permanently locked in a wide-eyed, neutral position. Exceptions to its otherwise stoic demeanor include it scowling at Jotaro as Kira realizes he had survived Sheer Heart Attack's explosion, and freezing in terror, mouth agape, as it is torn apart by the hands of Ghost Girl's Alley. Killer Queen's semi-autonomous secondary bomb, Sheer Heart Attack, speaks phrases to its targets including "Look this way". Kira is able to speak through Killer Queen, as he does to Rohan while using Bites the Dust. Killer Queen is a short-range humanoid Stand of average to above-average speed and melee attacking power. Although it is undeniably physically powerful, it is overshadowed by other close-range Stands like Crazy Diamond and Star Platinum, and thus Kira relies more on evading his enemies or using Killer Queen's set of powers to prevail. Killer Queen's powers revolve around setting up different kinds of bombs that can annihilate Kira's enemies in one blast, making it a very dangerous Stand to face. Not only are the bombs powerful, but Kira is also able to deploy two initially, then eventually three kinds of bombs with different strengths, giving the serial-killer a large array of options when dealing with his foes. Killer Queen may charge any object, inanimate or not, as a bomb simply by touching it. Once a target has touched the object, Killer Queen can detonate the target by pressing its right thumb onto its index finger's middle phalanx, as if pressing a trigger on a handheld detonator; the charge immediately travels through the target's body before exploding. Additionally, Killer Queen can blow up the charged target itself, as demonstrated with Stray Cat's air bullets during the final battle with Josuke Higashikata; however, if someone else touches the charged target before Kira can detonate it, they will automatically be blown up instead, consuming the charge. This can also be done through direct contact with Killer Queen or Kira himself, skipping the charging process. Matching Kira's desire to keep his murderous life a secret, anyone detonated by Killer Queen incinerates everything about them, including their body, their clothes, and any personal belongings they were carrying, leaving no trace; however, it is possible for a victim to survive an explosion if it comes from a nearby object instead of their own body, though this is a rare occurrence. Kira can also control the size and strength of Killer Queen's explosions as well as what parts of a victim's body are vaporized, usually resulting in Kira destroying his victim's body except for their right hand to keep. The effects of Kira's explosions on their surroundings vary; they generally do not damage nearby walls and floors, but during Kira's battle with Josuke, they could potentially affect nearby objects and Kira himself, though this may be due to Stray Cat's own Stand power being combined with Kira's. There are several limitations to this ability. First, if Kira or Killer Queen cannot press their thumb against their index finger's middle phalanx to trigger the bomb's detonation, the target cannot blow up. In addition, since this power is similar to incendiary bombs, it also cannot induce their explosions if there is no air, as demonstrated by Stray Cat disabling a bomb by creating a vacuum around it. Finally, Killer Queen can only charge one object at a time. It is unknown if non-Stand users can see or feel the explosions, but they can see a victim of an explosion die. Additionally, the explosion does not seem to generate much sound to anyone other than the victim, as Josuke and Okuyasu heard Shigechi call out to Josuke just outside of their classroom, but neither of them were aware of the ensuing explosion. Additionally, there were at least two other students in the same hallway as Shigechi when he was killed, but neither seemed to be aware of his demise as their backs were turned to him when he was killed and all evidence of an explosion dissipated within less than a few seconds. During the final battle, Kira places Stray Cat in Killer Queen's hollow abdomen. With Killer Queen's Primary Bomb charging Stray Cat's condensed air bubbles, Kira may create virtually invisible air bombs to use as projectiles. These can be detonated automatically through contact or manually through Killer Queen's switch. Although he also cannot see these bombs, Kira is skilled in determining their trajectory using basic mathematical skills; additionally, Yoshihiro Kira can verbally help him direct his aim by flitting about the battlefield in his photograph form. Stray Cat Sheer Heart Attack is Killer Queen's second type of bomb, featured primarily in the arc Sheer Heart Attack. Sheer Heart Attack This treaded automatic bomb detaches from Killer Queen's left hand, so any Stand abilities activated upon it are reflected onto Kira's left hand. Because Sheer Heart Attack is attached to Kira's left hand, the primary bomb can still be used when Sheer Heart Attack is active. It is completely autonomous and has a great range, so Kira can safely engage Sheer Heart Attack and move a great distance away while it carries out its duties. It seeks out whatever the warmest object in the vicinity is, even changing targets the second a warmer object appears; upon reaching its target, it automatically induces an explosion with power and blast size equivalent to the heat of the target. If Sheer Heart Attack's explosion was set off by a non-human source, it will continue to seek out targets until it explodes from a human. Like Killer Queen's first bomb, Sheer Heart Attack's explosions remove all physical evidence of the target. The body of Sheer Heart Attack is nigh-indestructible, withstanding countless blows from Jotaro's Star Platinum, but can still be affected by non-damaging Stand powers and cracked if pulled apart at the mouth with tremendous force. Its main drawback lies in its autonomous nature, which will sometimes prevent Sheer Heart Attack from prioritizing killing Kira's intended human target(s). Secondly, since it needs to explode from making contact with a human target to fully dissipate, should Sheer Heart Attack need to be deactivated while actively seeking a target, the user must physically return in the range of Sheer Heart Attack to deactivate and retrieve it. Furthermore, Sheer Heart Attack can continue to be active even after Kira's hand has been cut off, seen when he uses this to escape Josuke and company. Cutting off his hand even gives Sheer Heart Attack more power, as well as the ability to withstand even Echoes ACT 3's 3 Freeze. Killer Queen Bites the Dust, more simply known as just "Bites the Dust", Baitsa Dasuto, kanji lit. ("Lose and Die"), is Killer Queen's third type of bomb, featured primarily in the arc Another One Bites the Dust. Killer Queen Bites the Dust Bites the Dust Kira is granted this ability when Yoshihiro Kira's Stand-creating Arrow pierces him a second time. It is born from Kira's desire to prevent anyone from knowing his true identity, as well as his desperation following his impulsive murder of Hayato Kawajiri. This bomb appears as a miniaturized form of Killer Queen that hides inside whoever it is planted in; it acts independently of Kira's will, manifesting only when the bomb is triggered. When planted in Hayato, it activates when Kira's identity is revealed audibly or through writing, as well as when other Stand users see the miniature Killer Queen. When this happens, a miniature Killer Queen enters the eye of the person and causes an explosion, killing them. The bomb can detonate multiple people simultaneously. After killing someone with its power, Bites the Dust creates a temporal loop, rewinding time to roughly one hour prior to the detonation. Because Bites the Dust is completely independent and autonomous, Kira is not aware of who is killed by it, nor is he directly aware of whether a time loop has taken place. In fact, the only person who retains the memory of each time loop is the person harboring Bites the Dust. All actions performed in the previous time loop are destined to occur as they had happened. Slight deviations may happen, but any person killed by Bites the Dust in a previous time loop is destined to explode at the exact time that they were previously killed, even if they did not re-activate Bites the Dust in the current timeline. Because the person in whom the bomb is planted must be alive in order to activate the trigger, Bites the Dust will never harm the person with its explosions nor let them be harmed by other forces, demonstrated when the miniature Killer Queen prevented Hayato from slitting his own throat with a knife to prevent anyone else from dying. Ironically, Bites the Dust also prevents the Stand User themselves from harming the bomb's carrier, with the miniature Killer Queen intercepting Kira's fist when he tries to punch Hayato. It also appears to be able to revive that person if they are dead when it is activated, as Hayato was alive once more when Kira planted it in him after impulsively killing him, implying that time was looped to prevent Hayato from dying again the same way. The only way to stop Bites the Dust's effects is to outright kill Kira or otherwise force him to withdraw it; should this occur, all timelines created using Bites the Dust are erased. Additionally, using Bites the Dust forcibly prevents Kira from activating any of Killer Queen's other abilities because Killer Queen is planted in the body of the third party; thus, he must deactivate Bites the Dust and withdraw Killer Queen if he needs to defend himself. Hayato also deduces that Bites the Dust only works on non-Stand users, as Kira can only tell a non-Stand user his secrets to enable the ability.

Stand User: J. Geil is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. J. Geil is an assassin, the son of DIO's advisor Enya the Hag, sent alongside Hol Horse to kill the Joestar Group. He is also the murderer of Sherry Polnareff and the man Jean Pierre Polnareff seeks revenge from. J. Geil is a Stand User and wields Hanged Man. J. Geil spends most of his time hiding from the public, preferring to have a partner in which to rely on. This made him a perfect candidate for Hol Horse, who liked him and believed that they should work in pairs. J. Geil would hide in the shadows while Horse broke the glass needed for his Stand to work; occasionally, they would do a combination attack, such as Hol Horse breaking some glass and J. Geil attacking while Hol Horse shot a bullet from his Stand, Emperor, locking the enemy into a mortal circle. He shared a special link to his mother, who received the same injuries he had moments before dying. He had a twisted and perverted personality, raping many girls during his life. Hanged Man is a Stand made of light, which is able to travel from one reflective surface to another and can attack someone's reflection, harming the true person as well. J. Geil is the man responsible for the rape and murder of Sherry Polnareff, earning him her brother's desire for revenge. He also tried to kill Sherry's friend but failed. No one but Polnareff believed the girls' testimony on J. Geil having two right hands. It is later implied that he raped numerous girls before Sherry, as he says that he had many girls who "loved and admired" him, Sherry being just one of them. J. Geil first shows by making his Stand appear in front of Polnareff and forcing him to separate from the rest of the group, making him an easy target for him and his partner Hol Horse. After a short confrontation between Emperor and Silver Chariot, Muhammad Avdol joins the fight but is quickly disposed of by a combination of the antagonists' Stands. Polnareff is blinded by anger and is almost killed in the same way, but Noriaki Kakyoin manages to save him in time. The two escape with a jeep, but Hanged Man follows them and destroys the vehicle. At this point, Polnareff deduces J. Geil's Stand's true nature: it is made of light and can move between reflections at high speed and attack from there. Having guessed its location and trajectory, Silver Chariot manages to stab it, revealing J. Geil's position. However, Polnareff and Kakyoin are once again tricked: J. Geil gathers a crowd of people and makes its Stand enter their eyes. The trick is spoiled by Kakyoin, who focuses the people's attention on a coin while Polnareff then kicks dirt in everyone's eyes and then cuts the fleeing Hanged Man with Silver Chariot. J. Geil attempts to flee but finds himself pinned against a gate with nowhere to run. Silver Chariot then finishes J. Geil with a flurry of stabs. Flung into the air from the final blow, J. Geil comes down hung upside down on a gate, becoming a visual metaphor for the Tarot card his Stand represented. The events from "Emperor and the Hanged Man" take place in the game with no differences (being one of the few story arcs without drastic changes). J. Geil appears as the last enemy faced in this arc story. J. Geil himself appears on the last cutscene within his Chapter in Super Story. His Stand, Hanged Man, is used as part of Hol Horse's moveset. As a special move, Hanged Man can appear from the ground and grab the opponent, rendering them unable to move. As part of one of Hol Horse's Super Combos, he'll crawl out of the ground and stab the opponent in the back and deal massive damage, but only if the opponent is caught in one of the three cracks that Hol Horse shoots into the camera screen.

Stand Name: Hanged Man is the Stand of J. Geil, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Hanged Man's design reflects that of a mummy with mechanical elements, making it seem less human. Its body is covered in bandages, with half its brain exposed, along with having two right hands as its master does. It has the ability to produce blades from its wrists to attack. It usually crawls along the ground in reflections instead of typical walking. It has no personality outside of serving its master. It represents the Tarot Card The Hanged Man. Its true nature is that of a light-based Stand that can only persist inside reflective surfaces but is able to jump from mirror to mirror, giving the illusion that it lives inside them. Hanged Man is portrayed as having the color and texture of a rock, going from grey in the colored manga to brown in the anime and subsequent video games. Because it attacks from inside mirrors, Hanged Man is a terrifyingly evasive Stand almost impossible to defend oneself against. However, once its secret is unveiled, Hanged Man's predictability can be easily exploited. Hanged Man is a Stand that attacks via reflections. Rather than attacking a person directly, it will appear in a reflective surface and attack their reflection. The person will then bear the results of the attack, seemingly from an invisible assailant. Hanged Man can move through any type of reflecting surface, including human eyes, at the speed of light. Its weakness is that it can only move between reflective surfaces in a linear pattern and is forced to move to another reflection in front of it if its current location stops reflecting (a mirror being shattered or an eye closing). Hanged Man is vulnerable while in transit between surfaces, and while it does transit quickly, a quick-enough Stand can still hit it, damaging it and its User. This is helped by forcing Hanged Man into a predictable path of transit. Hanged Man's two right hands can produce knives from its wrists to attack the enemy. These knives are thinner than a razor blade, easily capable of cutting open a chest or splitting a snake into pieces. The Stand uses them to attack the opponent's reflection when inside a reflective surface.

Stand User: Guido Mista is a core ally featured in Vento Aureo. Mista is a member of Passione and by extension Bucciarati's team, who follows Giorno and Bucciarati in their mission to bodyguard Trish Una. He is a gunslinger and Stand User who shoots down his opponents with the help of his Sex Pistols. Mista is a teenager of above-average height and medium build. In contrast to the usual character design, Mista possesses large black irises. He wears uniquely shaped headgear with a diagonal grid pattern and the front shaped like an arrow pointing downward. He is known to keep a lot of things inside his hat, particularly ammunition, as he typically prefers to keep his hands free. Mista's attire consists of a turtleneck crop top cashmere sweater with a design similar to his hat, tiger striped-leather pants that he uses to store his gun, a thick belt, and boots. In his first appearance, the pants lacked the tiger stripes and belt and had a loincloth. Due to the quality of the material, he likely spends the most money on clothing out of Team Bucciarati. Mista carries with him a short-barreled revolver essential to his fighting ability. The revolver is equipped with a hammer shroud, contains six bullets in the swing-out style cylinder and is used with hollow-point bullets. The revolver is consistently portrayed as being purple across adaptations. Trish Una has commented that Mista has a significant amount of body hair, including hair on his fingers. She also mentions that he smells comforting, albeit unpleasant at first.

Stand Name: Sex Pistols is the Stand of Guido Mista, featured in Vento Aureo. Interestingly for Stands, the Pistols all have distinct personalities, and frequently converse with Mista. Each Pistol has a different personality, but they all share a childish and irreverent nature; they are prone to argue, can make inappropriate comments, and will not work if they are not fed. Outside of battle, Mista doesn't actually control the Pistols, who do as they please. Sex Pistols are by themselves very weak Stands and rely on the gun bullets they ride to participate in combat. Despite this, they are highly autonomous and have a long range (going as far as bullets can fly). This allows Mista to control the battlefield and gather information from afar thanks to the Pistols being able to spy on their enemies. If need be, the Pistols can make decisions by themselves whenever the opportunity presents itself, often surprising foes as a result. Sex Pistols is unusually resilient and can persist even if Mista is put in a state of near-unconsciousness or even near-death. Should this be the case, the Pistols can continue to help Mista's allies. The Pistols' ability is to literally ride the bullets that Mista fires in order to position themselves over an area (although they can hover around too), and then violently kick the bullets to change their path. Mista's most common use of this is to rebound shots, allowing the sudden redirection of bullets to hit moving targets, strike key areas, or otherwise take his opponents by surprise by using odd and unpredictable angles. If all 6 of Sex Pistols are on a single bullet, they have the power to split said bullet into multiple pieces when they all kick, creating multiple projectiles. However, the Stand is vulnerable to attacks while out and active, but Mista can survive the most brutal harm dealt to the six members of his Stand so long as a single one of them remains unharmed. The Pistols can also block incoming bullets, and on one specific occasion, No.5 has even saved Mista from three fatal shots fired to the head by Prosciutto. Mista normally does not reload his own gun but has Sex Pistols reload it for him. For this, he uses a six-chamber revolver. Mista can use any type of firearm, but a chamber allows the Pistols to reload all at once, as reloading a pistol magazine takes more time. Unlike Hol Horse's Emperor, another gun-related Stand, Sex Pistols has no firearm to work with by default and must always be provided a gun and ammunition, since it is useless for offense otherwise. However, each Pistol is able to fire a bullet without a gun by kicking the bullet's primer.

Stand User: Miraschon is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Miraschon is an inmate in Green Dolphin Street Prison to whom Enrico Pucci gifts the Stand, Marilyn Manson, and sends to assassinate Jolyne Cujoh. She then gambles with Jolyne, Ermes Costello and Foo Fighters in order to harvest their organs and take Jotaro Kujo's Stand DISC. Miraschon is described as being a compulsive liar who enjoys stealing and gambling. Even after confessing to having turned a new leaf to Pucci, she is shown later to have stolen a gilded cross though she is quickly stopped by him. After receiving a Stand Disc, she is shown as being very articulate and confident in her abilities. Miraschon's Stand activates when she makes a bet with someone. Upon winning, the loser must pay her back lest they have something is taken from them, such as internal organs, as compensation. Miraschon was sentenced to Green Dolphin Street Prison for 5 years after committing armed robbery. She first appears after Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes Costello encounter Foo Fighters and makes a bet on a game of catch that F.F. and Jolyne are having. The bet is to catch the ball one hundred times. Despite Jolyne's reluctance, Ermes persuades her to take part in the bet. After Jolyne wins the bet, Miraschon makes a higher bet which entices Ermes, who takes part in the higher bet. Ermes' guilt from cheating awakens Miraschon's Stand, who attacks her by taking her money from her breasts, a gold tooth, and her liver. Jolyne makes another bet with Miraschon for Ermes' well-being and to return everything back to her. Miraschon reveals that she's been cheating since the beginning and that she was promised her probation if she could get her father's DISC from Jolyne. Despite going as far as to cheat to win, Miraschon was still able to come close to getting the disk from Jolyne before she has the conditions of the bet repeated to her, and then suffers several strikes from Jolyne's baseball with Stone Free's quick strikes.

Stand Name: Marilyn Manson is a Stand granted to Miraschon via a Stand disc; featured in Stone Ocean. Marilyn Manson is an Stand revolving around games and bets. Although it needs the User and the victim to agree on betting with each other and will not even protect its User, Marilyn Manson is invincible when it reaps its victims' debts. The only way to get rid of Marilyn Manson is to force the user to cancel it. After the User and a potential victim bet on something and the victim loses, Marilyn Manson comes to collect the wager or anything equivalent. Like Osiris and Atum, Marilyn Manson activates after Miraschon or even itself makes a bet with someone. If the person with whom Miraschon bets with loses, Marilyn Manson materializes near them and proceeds to take from them any possession of value in order to pay up. Money directly flies into Marilyn Manson's hooks, but it can also mutilate the victim to take valuable body parts to sell to the black market, like gold teeth or their liver. It thinks by itself of what to collect in order to have the equivalent of the wager but refuses to collect anything that doesn't rightfully belong to the victim like stolen money, knowing this thanks to its ability to read the victim's mind. Marilyn Manson claims that it is merely the "shadow within the loser's heart", who has recognized even slightly their loss, and therefore it cannot be attacked either by the loser or any ally. Hits simply phase through Marilyn Manson. It has been described in its stats as the victim acknowledging their fault and being unconsciously unable to defend themselves against what they recognize as a "legitimate" debt collection. Likewise, Marilyn Manson can overpower a Stand User who thinks of attacking Miraschon directly. Marilyn Manson unfairly allows its User to cheat in order to win the bet, but on the other hand recognizes immediately whenever its targets cheat and will consider cheating an automatic loss. Thinking of beating up Miraschon in order to stop Marilyn Manson also counts as cheating. On the other hand, the User can still be coerced into returning whatever Marilyn Manson has collected, potentially saving a dying victim.

Stand User: Vanilla Ice is an antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Vanilla Ice is the last Vampire created by DIO and one of the penultimate Stand Users the Joestar Group faces upon infiltrating DIO's Mansion. After the group is split up, he is sent to take out the team consisting of Avdol, Polnareff, and Iggy. Vanilla Ice is a Stand User controlling his void-based Stand ability, Cream, to battle. Vanilla Ice is defined by his fanatical and single-minded loyalty to DIO. When DIO relates that he might want blood to heal, Vanilla Ice uses his Stand to sever his own head and fill an urn with his own blood. This is heavily implied to be a test of loyalty, as DIO promptly revives Vanilla Ice as a Vampire without drinking the offered blood. Although Vanilla Ice is normally a calm, reasoning and collected individual, he flies into a tremendous rage when DIO is disrespected in any way, shape or form. When Iggy creates a sand construct of DIO in an attempt to take Vanilla Ice off-guard, the latter immediately abandoned his Stand in favor of beating Iggy to death with his bare hands and feet, stating that Iggy deserved a more drawn-out death than the simple annihilation brought on by Cream's void form, while blaming the dog for everything. It is also implied that Vanilla Ice is somewhat absent-minded, being prone to using his Stand's void form to punch through walls instead of simply using the door. Vanilla Ice's Stand, the profoundly destructive Cream, can swallow itself and its master to become a spherical void of nothingness that obliterates everything in its path. Its only weakness is that it cannot see where it is going when in void form, forcing Vanilla Ice to temporarily expose himself in order to plot Cream's course. After being made into a Vampire by DIO, Vanilla Ice adopts a standard set of vampiric powers and weaknesses, such as immortality and the weakness to sunlight. Vanilla Ice is introduced as a human, reporting the defeat of Telence T. D'Arby to DIO, outside the door to his chambers. After being allowed to enter, Ice was told the reason for D'Arby's defeat was because he was unwilling to give his life for DIO. He was then asked if he would surrender his blood in order to heal DIO's neck wound. Without hesitation, Vanilla Ice proves his loyalty by cutting off his own head and allowing his blood to spill into an urn for his master to drink. DIO, amused by this, refuses to take the blood of such a devout servant and decides to heal himself using someone else instead. Vanilla Ice is brought back to life from the blood his master poured into his body. After his revival, he was dispatched to take care of the Joestars. He activated his Stand, Cream, before leaving to do DIO's bidding (prompting DIO to lament that he forgot to use the door in his haste). Vanilla Ice's first targets were Iggy, Jean Pierre Polnareff and Muhammad Avdol. Though he was aiming to dispatch all of them at once with a surprise attack, he only manages to kill Avdol, who shoved Polnareff and Iggy out of the way before the attack hit. In a rage, Polnareff retaliated with a barrage from Silver Chariot, wounding Vanilla Ice's shoulder and demolishing the wall of the room he was in. After nearly being killed by another of Ice's attacks, he and Iggy fled. Instead of pursuing them directly, Vanilla Ice sent Cream to the front door, where he waited in his Stand's void form. Contrary to his expectations, the duo decided to go for DIO instead of fleeing - thus, Vanilla Ice gave chase, destroying most of the mansion with his Stand's powers. After getting ahead of them, Ice erases part of Polnareff's foot to prevent him from running away again. Thanks to a distraction from Silver Chariot, Iggy uses The Fool to hide and to create a replica of DIO to trick Vanilla Ice. Although briefly shocked by his master's appearance, Vanilla Ice quickly destroyed the clone; he explained that he saw through the ruse because of the sunlight in the room and because he knew DIO trusted him too much to interfere in the battle. Enraged because he had to destroy DIO's image in self-defense, Vanilla Ice exited Cream and viciously beat Iggy to the point of near-death. After turning his attention to Polnareff, he was skewered in the mouth by Silver Chariot's sword after using the sand in the room to track Cream's movements. Due to Ice's newfound immortality, he survived the attack and destroyed part of Polnareff's left hand by drawing it into Cream's mouth. He then wounded Polnareff in a quick succession of attacks, breaking his right arm and absorbing part of his leg and cheek. He then began moving in a spiral movement around the room with Polnareff and Iggy at the center; by doing so, Vanilla Ice would kill them without leaving himself vulnerable. Unable to escape, Polnareff told Iggy to use his powers to escape and warn the others - but the dog's pride caused him to save Polnareff instead. This caused Iggy to die from over-exertion, prompting an enraged Polnareff to skewer Vanilla Ice through the head and snap his neck. However, Vanilla Ice rose once again, more determined than ever to finish off his enemy. Unfortunately for him, Polnareff had finally deduced that Vanilla Ice was turned into a vampire by DIO, due to Vanilla Ice's ability to recover from several fatal injuries. With that in mind, Polnareff avenges his fallen comrades by taking advantage of Vanilla Ice's newfound fatal weakness to sunlight, using Silver Chariot to slice a nearby curtain and flood the room with sunlight, which vaporizes much of Vanilla's right arm and right leg. After curtly goading Vanilla to attack him, Polnareff uses Silver Chariot to nudge the crippled vampire into the light - disintegrating him instantly and putting an end to DIO's line of vampire servants. Vanilla Ice appears in the 1993 episodes of the OVA, his sole appearance being in the episode "The Warrior of the Void: Vanilla Ice". He serves the same purpose as in the manga: A servant of DIO who battles Polnareff and kills Avdol and Iggy. In the OVA, Ice slices Iggy in half and kicks the dying dog's corpse into a wall out of anger for the dog daring to defy DIO. His death in the OVA differs heavily from the manga. In the OVA, Polnareff repeatedly stabs Ice in a rage after seeing him murder Iggy, before slicing Ice's head in half. Vanilla Ice appears as the game's penultimate boss before DIO. As a boss, Vanilla Ice is the second most difficult character to beat, as he has a large amount of health. He uses his Stand to attack. The main difference from the original story is that all 6 heroes battle Ice at once and that he does not kill Avdol and Iggy straight away. Instead, both can stay alive for the remainder of the game. Vanilla Ice appears in two "forms" in Heritage for the Future. The first is the standard character which can be selected on the main menu for Story Mode or versus play, and the second functions as the "sub-boss" of the game, appearing before the final battle with DIO. These two "forms" are more or less identical in appearance, but the sub-boss version of Ice can use alternate special attacks and super moves that do greatly increased damage. As a CPU boss, he uses his Stand's void more often to attack, generally by either moving in a straight line on the bottom of the screen or sweeping from top to bottom in an arc. His super moves both involve more drastic movements, with one having him void-warp around in a spiraling circle, just like in the manga and anime. Vanilla Ice's Story Mode starts after the Joestar party has infiltrated DIO's mansion in Egypt. The vampire is able to eliminate one hero after another, until he fights Jotaro Kujo himself to the death. Afterwards, Ice reports his success to DIO. According to his ending, the vampire blood which transformed Ice took complete control of him afterwards, and he became DIO's slave forever. When other characters (such as fellow villains) fight him in the game's Story Mode, the spiraling grooves from his attacks are not present in the stage. Vanilla Ice is predictably one of the most powerful fighters in Heritage for the Future, arguably much more deadly than his sub-boss version if used by a skilled player. Aside from commanding a powerful array of physical attacks, Vanilla's specialty, much like in the manga, is to use the powers of the "void" to crash into his opponents and damage them. He can take the form of the void ball while on the ground, in mid-air, and even change directions in the middle of a charge. This allows a player with quick reflexes to counter an oncoming attack, juggle an opponent into the air with careful timing, or even retreat in the face of danger. Caution is advised, however, because unlike the manga, Vanilla Ice is STILL vulnerable while in his "void ball" form, and can be hit by projectile attacks (or even certain physical attacks, if the angle is correct). Ice can also take the full form of his Stand Cream, who possesses very powerful and far-reaching attacks, but it comes at a steep penalty in speed and some mobility. As noted before, Ice really shines in the hands of experienced players, as he benefits greatly from the Tandem mechanic. Unlike other fighters, who can attack faster when using the Tandem, this ability allows Ice and Cream to attack the opponent simultaneously for long and brutal combos. While this takes careful timing to execute properly, Ice is more than capable of depleting half of the opponent's energy in a single flurry of blows. All of this gives Vanilla Ice the tools to be one of the most deadly characters in-game, when played properly. Vanilla Ice returns as DLC character in the PS3 title. He was confirmed along with Anasui for the 4th campaign. He, DIO, and Old Joseph Joestar are the only characters to have two different Styles (Stand and Vampirism Powers in the case of Ice and DIO). Most of his attacks from the previous game returns, but made slower to balance him out. Exclusive to Vanilla Ice is a Stand Power Gauge, which shows how much Cream can be used and slowly regenerates when it is not full; Ice always starts the match with the gauge half-full. Only one ability may be used when Cream is active; Ice is unable to use his Throw, HHA, or GHA while inside Cream. The Stand Power Gauge also depletes if Cream blocks or takes damage. When empty, Ice will automatically exit Cream. Of special note is that Cream is the tallest entity in the game while active, being slightly taller than even Wamuu. Stand Power Gauge While Cream is off: While Cream is on: Vanilla Ice's HHA, "The great void rises! ", has him enter Cream as it flies forward and reaches out. If it connects, Cream violently devours the opponent before spitting them out, reminiscent of his devouring of Avdol's freshly severed arms. The HHA has no way to be comboed into as it has a delay, and is not a part of Easy Beat as a result. However, it is a Throw and thus is unblockable, and completely restores Ice's Stand Power Gauge to full if successful. The great void rises! Vanilla Ice's GHA, "Spirit of Emptiness", has him enter Cream as it swallows itself and flies in a vertical circle. If it connects, Cream will knock the opponent off-balance. When they regain footing, they will have realized too late that Cream is carving an inescapable closing spiral on them. When the Stand reaches them, it viciously and mercilessly thrashes them into the air before a final upward hit sends them away (in the exact same fashion he assaulted an injured Polnareff and his earring, as well as in the Capcom game). Spirit of Emptiness Vanilla Ice has special intro dialogue with Part 3 DIO before the fight starts, wherein both men acknowledge this fight as a training match. When Ice wins, he reaffirms his eternal loyalty to DIO. Although his default hair color is dirty blond in ASB, his unlockable Color D changes his hair color to white and his clothes to pink, the same ones seen in the Capcom games and the OVA. In the English localization of the game, the subtitles of his default opening line read "Let's kick it one time...", a clear reference to the opening lyrics for his namesake's, Vanilla Ice's song, Ice Ice Baby. Vanilla Ice was confirmed for the game alongside DIO. Ice is both a Stand User and a Vampire. As a Vampire, he is able to steal opponents' health. All damage to him aside from Ripple-based will become "white damage", that can be healed over time, and inversely, Ice will take more damage from Ripple-based attacks. As a Stand User, Vanilla Ice is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle, and more specifically is he a Mode User. The player can switch control between Ice and Cream to alter the character's abilities, with Stand Mode being the more powerful. Vampire Mode User While in Normal Mode: While in Stand Mode: Unlike the previous game, his main color scheme is now based on his anime appearance, including the effects of Cream's ability (turning from a deep red to the purple and black color). In the story mode, he is revived by DIO (in his Heaven Ascension form, but from alternate world where he finally conquered the world) and now able to fight in a daylight thanks DIO's new godlike powers on him, similar to the way how Kars becomes immune to the daylight after using the Red Stone of Aja implanted Stone Mask on him. He is seen in the last part of Chapter 2, set in Part 5/Vento Aureo timeline in Italy, backing a now revived and brainwashed Bruno Bucciarati to kill the heroes and to get the Saint's Corpse from them. However, he and Bucciarati are defeated by Polnareff and Giorno Giovanna as they retreat via teleportation by DIO. Before Ice retreat after Bucciarati first, he is asked by Polnareff about his true loyalty, the late-DIO or "that man". However, Ice only says that he is only loyal to one person, without telling them "that man" they speak of is none other than his master DIO, Ice knows this and departs afterward. Vanilla Ice is paired with Jotaro in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, defeating Hol Horse and Yukako Yamagishi in the first round, but is eliminated by Jolyne Cujoh and Gyro Zeppeli in the second.

Stand Name: Cream is the Stand of Vanilla Ice, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Cream is a fairly powerful short-ranged Stand, able to perform feats such as decapitation with a mere chop to the neck. However, its true power lies in its unique void ability that makes it one of the most dangerous Stands of Stardust Crusaders. Cream is able to become a portal to a void-like dimension, which Vanilla Ice mainly uses to disintegrate everything in its path and hide in. The real portal is situated in Cream's mouth, so its modus operandi is to devour itself and its user to become a ball-shaped floating portal. Because Cream functions as a portal that indiscriminately transports matter to another dimension, it has incredible offensive power because it can effectively disintegrate everything and cut clean through them. Only Vanilla Ice is shown to be unharmed when inside the void dimension and can also undo Cream's self-devouring if needed. When entering its void state, Cream is invulnerable and almost undetectable as it exists in another dimension: it cannot be seen, heard, or even smelled by Iggy. Despite this, Polnareff is able to detect it by scattering sand inside the room and following the trail the devouring sphere leaves. The void sphere is shown to be rather fast as it was capable of pursuing Polnareff as he ran. However, becoming a sphere has one major drawback. Although it is invisible, Vanilla Ice is also blind to his surroundings and must regularly take a peek, leaving himself briefly vulnerable to attack.

Stand User: Sale is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Sale is a Passione operative and Mario Zucchero's partner, and also a Stand User. In order to get Polpo's fortune, he follows Team Bucciarati up to Capri and battles Guido Mista with his Stand, Kraft Work. Sale shows a certain degree of intelligence and cunning; firstly having predicted that Bucciarati was the most likely of Polpo's subordinates to have hidden the treasure and guess that he would act to seize the treasure. Despite hearing from Zucchero that he'd practically defeated Team Bucciarati, Sale was also careful enough to not reveal himself on Capri, even taking the precaution to try contacting Zucchero secretly when Giorno tried to lure him out. He has also mastered his Stand to a high degree, not only using the obvious effect of locking people into places and protect himself from projectiles, but also using Kraft Work to use rocks as stepping stones or purposefully locking a projectile in place to tap and accumulate kinetic energy. However, Sale also demonstrates some degree of overconfidence in combat, explaining his every move to Mista and claiming his Stand's superiority. Kraft Work is a humanoid close-range Stand which can fixate any object it touches in space. Sale searches for Polpo's fortune with Mario Zucchero and is eventually intercepted by Guido Mista, who manages to shoot him in the leg at first, and later in the head. This drives him to fight Mista atop a truck. During the fight, Sale demonstrates his immunity to Mista's bullets by sapping them of kinetic energy before they can reach his brain. However, he is defeated when Mista uses his last bullet to have all six of his Sex Pistols fire the last bullet at the first bullet hole in Sale's head, lodging the first bullet in deeper. Sale somehow manages to survive and is left unconscious on Bucciarati's boat. Sale and Zucchero are forced to take on the mission to exterminate the drugs team in order to prove their loyalty. He infiltrates the warehouse the drugs team is in at Villa San Giovanni with the help of his partner's Stand ability. He slips into the warehouse first in an attempt to dispatch the two members of the drugs team inside, Vittorio Cataldi and Angelica Attanasio. Unfortunately, his sanity is drained by Angelica's Stand and he faces Vittorio with a clouded mind, leaving him unable to make rational decisions. He manages to land a blow square in Vittorio's chest, but his stand's power is turned against him which resulted in his heart launching itself from his body, leading to his death.

Stand Name: Kraft Work is the Stand of Sale, featured in Vento Aureo. Kraft Work is a close range Stand characterized by above-average basic abilities. It is notable for being able to deflect bullets with ease, indicating exceptional speed. Kraft Work's primary ability is the manipulation of kinetic energy, either taking an object's kinetic energy completely away, freezing it in place, or adding more kinetic energy to a previously frozen object, making it move once more. Kraft Work can take the kinetic energy out of anything it touches, locking those objects in place. This can either take the form of making an object be stuck to a particular space or making it motionless with respect to another object, including Sale himself. Kraft Work also allows Sale to make people partially stuck in place after they come in contact with something Kraft Work has affected. There is no limit to the number of objects Kraft Work can freeze in place, and the immobilization can be delayed after Kraft Work has touched it, allowing Sale to throw things in front of them and make them stop them mid-air. Kraft Work can also be used defensively, as it can freeze any projectile that it comes in contact with, even if it has already started to enter Sale's body. Sale uses this to stop a bullet from penetrating his skull. However, an external force can still move said object, if even by a small amount; thus a bullet stopped inside Sale's head can be pushed deeper inside by a second bullet. If Sale moves far enough from immobilized objects or people, the effects of Kraft Work's ability will eventually dissipate. Kraft Work can also add kinetic energy to frozen objects, such as using the bullets it stopped from Guido Mista's gun as weapons against him. By repeatedly touching a locked object enough times, Sale can build up kinetic energy in it before releasing it; he is thus able to launch a bullet with as much power as a real gun. However, to conserve accuracy as well as prevent adversaries from predicting where it will fly, he must carefully and lightly tap the object several times.

Stand User: Dolomite, also known as Masaji Dorokoma, is a minor antagonist featured in JoJolion. An acquaintance of Jobin Higashikata, Dolomite is a Rock Human whose body is partially destroyed. Upon Jobin's request, Dolomite helps him retrieve the Rokakaka after being lured by living proof of the Rokakaka's next stage of equivalent exchange. He is a Stand User and controls people through his Blue Hawaii. This section requires expansion. This section requires expansion Little is known of Dolomite's past personality. In the past, Dolomite was an easy-going man that cared for another woman. Despite the destruction of his body, his mind is relatively sane, although he does display animalistic behavior at times. He is also extremely nihilistic, likely due to the fact he cannot participate in society any more. He is not interested in the Rokakaka operation, and whilst commenting that it will be "lonely", he does not show any grief to his fellow Rock Humans. The reason given as he has nobody left, he can not participate in an equivalent exchange process. He was quick to change this view after Jobin gives the possibility of an equivalent exchange like Josuke. Dolomite seems to be fond of fried chicken, as it is the food Jobin used to lure him out. Dolomite's Stand has the power to control humans from afar to attack a particular target so long as that person has touched something belonging to the user, or the blood of one of the victims. Years ago, Dolomite originally was a normal-looking Rock Human that loved an unknown woman fondly. The woman, apparently blind, wandered into a power plant and Dolomite rushed after her. He pushed her out of the way in time, saving her. However, the power pylons electrically shocked him to such a severe degree that it blasted apart his arms, legs and teeth. The last thing Dolomite saw was the woman wandering away. Over the years Dolomite ate several animals, causing the police to search for him. After an unknown amount of time, Dolomite settled down near a pond located at a shrine; living as a hermit and becoming unaware of the events happening to his Rock Human brethren. After witnessing Josuke Higashikata kill Tamaki Damo, Jobin goes to the pond and summons Dolomite using fried chicken. Jobin informs him of what happened to the Rokakaka Smuggling Organization managing the Rokakaka trade, and asks Dolomite to help him acquire a Rokakaka so he can perform equivalent exchange. Interested, Dolomite uses his Blue Hawaii to infect the people of Morioh and try to attack Josuke. While Blue Hawaii relentlessly pursues Josuke, Dolomite stays idle in his pond. Josuke finally beaten, and instructed to return to Dolomite immediately, the Rock Human takes his mobile phone and interrogates him to know who Josuke was going to meet, to which Josuke answers that he was to meet with a plant appraiser. Investigating the phone, Dolomite confirms Josuke's statement; declaring himself the victor, he orders Josuke to drown himself at the bottom of the pond, but Yasuho intervenes and bashes his head with a metal bar. Limbless, Dolomite has no way to defend himself and is forced into a mud pit when Yasuho interrogates him about his accomplice and the Rock Human tries to stay silent. Defeated, Dolomite releases his control over Josuke and reveals that it was Jobin who asked him to attack Josuke. Dolomite then comments that Josuke and Yasuho are way over their head by involving themselves with the Rokakaka business, especially since a new species of the fruit has emerged. After his confession, he is subdued by Yasuho and Josuke with his current fate unknown.

Stand Name: Blue Hawaii is the Stand of Dolomite, featured in JoJolion. Blue Hawaii doesn't show any combat ability, but its ability to control people through touch and pursue a target relentlessly make it a dangerous Stand to face. The only hope to really defeat it is to find the User, and beat him. Blue Hawaii has the ability to take control of or possess a person or animal, so long as they have touched something that was at some point attached to the user. For instance, Dolomite uses one of his teeth to take control of a young boy to attack Josuke Higashikata. When touched, a target will be invaded by Blue Hawaii, shown as its skeletal design mark their bodies. The contact must be physical: touching someone through a protective layer like a plastic sheet doesn't count, but physical contact with a controlled person's blood counts. An organism who falls victim to the ability will be rendered into a zombie-like state and will relentlessly perform a specific instruction like chasing after a target, or coming back to Dolomite, or any miscellaneous order. Once a person or animal is under Blue Hawaii's thrall, they themselves become a catalyst of spreading the infectious power. If the flesh or blood of an infected organism makes physical contact with another, the infection will transfer over. It appears that this Stand cannot possess more than one living being at a time, as an infected organism regains control after the infection is transferred to another. The main weakness to this Stand's power is that those under Blue Hawaii's control can only move in a linear path to reach their target, unable to climb over or avoid obstacles in their path.

Stand User: Gyro Zeppeli is the deuteragonist of Steel Ball Run. Gyro is a master of the Spin hailing from the Kingdom of Naples. He joins the Steel Ball Run race to win amnesty for a child he is assigned to execute. His mastery of the Spin later allows him access to Ball Breaker. Gyro is a man of average to above-average height and medium to athletic build. He has hair that reaches mid-back, light eyes, square patches of facial hair lining his jaw, and (in illustrations) often painted lips. He either wears grills or has chiseled into prosthetic teeth the phrase "GO! GO! ZEPPELI". Gyro's basic outfit consists of a short-sleeved studded black leather coat, leather pants, and cowboy boots. He wears a belt, the buckle of which bears a pair of hands pointing to his crotch, and at his hips a pair of special holsters for his Steel Balls. He wears a wide-brimmed hat, with slits on the the crown and the brim that let light and air filter through. Situated around the crown of his hat are a pair of slit goggles. Depending on the weather he may wear his goggles, in addition to a scarf. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. This section requires expansion. Gyro is a cocky and flamboyant executioner marked by the harshness of life, who participates in the Steel Ball Run for the sake of a young boy. Gyro initially appears as a cocky and aggressive contestant in the Steel Ball Run. Unlike other competitors, Gyro looks to seize the first place aggressively, rushing ahead of everyone then fending off anyone who challenges him. He also has a tendency to take dangerous shortcuts. Gyro is a rude man, deriding the vast majority of those he meets with insults and mocking commentaries. Even with his closest friend Johnny Joestar, Gyro doesn't mince his words and sometimes argues with him. Moreover, Johnny only made a lasting impression on Gyro through his dogged stubborness and otherwise looked down on him during their first meeting. The only person for which Gyro had any degree of respect is his stern father Gregorio Zeppeli. Gyro's cockyness and rudeness extend to his fights, during which Gyro is prone to mock his enemies in some way or say something cocky. For instance, he openly mocked Mountain Tim's "ridiculous" hat. Gyro is particularly proud of his mastery of the Spin, a family technique involving the rotation and throwing of steel balls to various effects and hails the Spin as the acme of human skill, this pride is latter justified when the Spin proves to be able to defeat even the Stand Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap - Love Train. However, as a teacher he seemed to be somewhat, only bothering to teach Johnny the basics of the Spin and introducing him to the Golden Rectangle only when they were threatened by a new enemy. As an executioner and otherwise confrontational man, Gyro is not afraid to use violence even in a lethal fashion. However Gyro doesn't have the same ruthlessness as Johnny and initially doesn't seek to kill his enemies if he deems it unnecessary. Notably, Gyro did try to discourage a thief from fighting with him and only used his Steel Balls to make the man shoot himself if he ever drew his gun, instead of directly killing him. Gyro nonetheless possesses an altruistic side, and likes to help anyone who needs his assistance, most notably the paraplegic Johnny to whom he taught the Spin technique and helped acquire the Holy Corpse Parts, or Marco, the helpless child whose death sentence Gyro seeks to appeal by winning the Steel Ball Run. Gyro would often clash this side with the authority of Gregorio Zeppeli, who disapproved any display of sentimentality in life and ultimately defied him by going to America. Early in the Steel Ball Run, Johnny has said that Gyro didn't have the drive and determination necessary to get things done. The jockey argued that because Gyro inherited everything he had as an upperclassman and heir of the family Spin technique, he didn't have the kind of selfish hunger born from suffering which was crucial in the race. True to that, Gyro Zeppeli initially raced out of altruistic concern for Marco, and primarily relied on tricks to prevail in the race. During his battle with Ringo Roadagain he bent his original motivations into a more personal goal, the path to see for himself whether Marco deserved to be executed and and who exactly the Corpse was. After that, Gyro switched to a slightly less cocky behavior, and focused seriously on his battles. In his horse riding, Gyro switched to a more personal style, instinctively choosing his own route instead of the "shortest path", enabling him to even outmatch Diego in the race. Out of combat, Gyro also possesses an eccentric personality and is particularly flamboyant. Gyro has a penchant for gags involving puns or an inexplicable brand of humor from bad puns to gags defying all logic, frequently telling such jokes to Johnny in the spur of the moment and created a song about cheese, singing it to Johnny and being happy that he appreciated it. He also has a fondness for dramatic gestures and quotes, saying that the Goddess of Victory was riding with him and that she would retract her favor if he ever let another woman ride with him. Unlike Johnny, Gyro frequently grins, exposing his metal teeth in the process. The mere fact that he engraved his teeth with the message "Go! Go! Zeppeli" already exposes his flamboyantly confident nature. Humorously, Gyro also keeps a teddy bear with him, being fond of it enough to keep it even during the Steel Ball Run, although he leaves it at one point. However, mimicking his own father, Gyro can be stern and dignified when he talks about the Zeppeli Spin technique. Heavily influenced by Gregorio's teachings about the uncertainties in life - using a " tennis ball over the net" metaphor - and the Steel Ball's power being nothing short of miraculous, Gyro has a somewhat optimistic outlook on life and is convinced that he can overcome setbacks, even if they'd need a miracle to overcome, as long as he follows a virtuous path. Nonetheless, following the "tennis ball over the net" belief, Gyro is aware that failure is just as likely. This ideology is repeatedly somehow confirmed with numerous coincidences and miracles helping him throughout his journey and alternatively working against him, culminating in Marco being freed without his intervention but dying of a cold later. Gyro is a womanizer, one flashback narrating an affair with a patient and he is shown flirting with pretty girls. On the other hand, the first time Gyro and Johnny meet Lucy, he refuses to let her ride with him and states that "no woman (will) ride my horse". He later explains that "Lady Luck" would be jealous if he let "another woman" ride with him. Gyro has a few tics of language. For instance, he has a signature "Nyo-ho-ho!" chuckle and is prone to shouting "Ora" during battles. The Zeppeli family's Spin technique, usually applied with special Steel Balls, is a versatile skill Gyro has trained in since his youth. Gyro equips himself with two Steel Balls as a means of self-defense, attack, and general strategic advantage. Throwing his Steel Balls with the Spin, Gyro may create a variety of impressive trajectories, able even to have them return directly to him, mainly after successful contact with his target. On impact with flesh, spiral ripples often appear. Gyro may apply a wide range of effects to human or animal targets, including muscular, nerve, and bone manipulation, and the forceful wringing of flesh to drain water. Gyro explains that although used by his family for execution, the Spin was not developed for destructive ends, and is in many ways equally suitable in medical treatment. The Spin may be viewed as the Steel Ball Run counterpart to the Ripple featured primarily in Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency. After the Corpse's right eye binds with Gyro's, the word "TURBO" is inscribed on Gyro's iris, behind it a diagonally oriented cross; with a cross pattée emerging from the bottom-outside of his eye, on his cheek, to begin with. A single eye appears within each of Gyro's active Steel Balls, staring outwards, also marked on the iris. When Scan is active, the ability places eyes representing those of the Corpse in each of Gyro's active Steel Balls. These enhance Gyro's aptitude for the Spin, and his vision as surrogate eyes (enabling him to see remotely when Hot Pants blinds him with Cream Starter); as well as allowing him to see through people's bodies as though by X-ray, permitting him to calculate for better targeting. Gyro relinquishes this ability when he gives his eye to Lucy Steel. The complete guardian of the Corpse's eyes appears as a largely insentient, robotic humanoid figure. When Gyro departs this figure, it is divided, missing its left arm, leg, upper "eye" and the left plate of the two originally framing its head. A similar figure is seen once more when Gyro uses Scan, growing from his Steel Ball, in his battle against Ringo Roadagain. Ball Breaker manifests when Gyro finally achieves the "Golden Spin". The stand is a visualization of Spin energy unleashed from Gyro's steel balls, the technique behind them ultimately becoming a Stand ability. Ball Breaker embodies a vast force capable of bypassing dimensional barriers. Gyro Zeppeli, born Julius Caesar Zeppeli is the deuteragonist of Steel Ball Run. Gyro Zeppeli Julius Caesar Zeppeli Gyro is a master of the Spin hailing from the Kingdom of Naples. He joins the Steel Ball Run race to win amnesty for a child he is assigned to execute. His mastery of the Spin later allows him access to Ball Breaker. Gyro is a cocky and flamboyant executioner marked by the harshness of life, who participates in the Steel Ball Run for the sake of a young boy. Gyro initially appears as a cocky and aggressive contestant in the Steel Ball Run. Unlike other competitors, Gyro looks to seize the first place aggressively, rushing ahead of everyone then fending off anyone who challenges him. He also has a tendency to take dangerous shortcuts. Gyro is a rude man, deriding the vast majority of those he meets with insults and mocking commentaries. Even with his closest friend Johnny Joestar, Gyro doesn't mince his words and sometimes argues with him. Moreover, Johnny only made a lasting impression on Gyro through his dogged stubborness and otherwise looked down on him during their first meeting. The only person for which Gyro had any degree of respect is his stern father Gregorio Zeppeli. Gyro's cockyness and rudeness extend to his fights, during which Gyro is prone to mock his enemies in some way or say something cocky. For instance, he openly mocked Mountain Tim's "ridiculous" hat. Gyro is particularly proud of his mastery of the Spin, a family technique involving the rotation and throwing of steel balls to various effects and hails the Spin as the acme of human skill, this pride is latter justified when the Spin proves to be able to defeat even the Stand Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap - Love Train. However, as a teacher he seemed to be somewhat, only bothering to teach Johnny the basics of the Spin and introducing him to the Golden Rectangle only when they were threatened by a new enemy. As an executioner and otherwise confrontational man, Gyro is not afraid to use violence even in a lethal fashion. However Gyro doesn't have the same ruthlessness as Johnny and initially doesn't seek to kill his enemies if he deems it unnecessary. Notably, Gyro did try to discourage a thief from fighting with him and only used his Steel Balls to make the man shoot himself if he ever drew his gun, instead of directly killing him. Gyro nonetheless possesses an altruistic side, and likes to help anyone who needs his assistance, most notably the paraplegic Johnny to whom he taught the Spin technique and helped acquire the Holy Corpse Parts, or Marco, the helpless child whose death sentence Gyro seeks to appeal by winning the Steel Ball Run. Gyro would often clash this side with the authority of Gregorio Zeppeli, who disapproved any display of sentimentality in life and ultimately defied him by going to America. Early in the Steel Ball Run, Johnny has said that Gyro didn't have the drive and determination necessary to get things done. The jockey argued that because Gyro inherited everything he had as an upperclassman and heir of the family Spin technique, he didn't have the kind of selfish hunger born from suffering which was crucial in the race. True to that, Gyro Zeppeli initially raced out of altruistic concern for Marco, and primarily relied on tricks to prevail in the race. During his battle with Ringo Roadagain he bent his original motivations into a more personal goal, the path to see for himself whether Marco deserved to be executed and and who exactly the Corpse was. After that, Gyro switched to a slightly less cocky behavior, and focused seriously on his battles. In his horse riding, Gyro switched to a more personal style, instinctively choosing his own route instead of the "shortest path", enabling him to even outmatch Diego in the race. Out of combat, Gyro also possesses an eccentric personality and is particularly flamboyant. Gyro has a penchant for gags involving puns or an inexplicable brand of humor from bad puns to gags defying all logic, frequently telling such jokes to Johnny in the spur of the moment and created a song about cheese, singing it to Johnny and being happy that he appreciated it. He also has a fondness for dramatic gestures and quotes, saying that the Goddess of Victory was riding with him and that she would retract her favor if he ever let another woman ride with him. Unlike Johnny, Gyro frequently grins, exposing his metal teeth in the process. The mere fact that he engraved his teeth with the message "Go! Go! Zeppeli" already exposes his flamboyantly confident nature. Humorously, Gyro also keeps a teddy bear with him, being fond of it enough to keep it even during the Steel Ball Run, although he leaves it at one point. However, mimicking his own father, Gyro can be stern and dignified when he talks about the Zeppeli Spin technique. Heavily influenced by Gregorio's teachings about the uncertainties in life - using a " tennis ball over the net" metaphor - and the Steel Ball's power being nothing short of miraculous, Gyro has a somewhat optimistic outlook on life and is convinced that he can overcome setbacks, even if they'd need a miracle to overcome, as long as he follows a virtuous path. Nonetheless, following the "tennis ball over the net" belief, Gyro is aware that failure is just as likely. This ideology is repeatedly somehow confirmed with numerous coincidences and miracles helping him throughout his journey and alternatively working against him, culminating in Marco being freed without his intervention but dying of a cold later. Gyro is a womanizer, one flashback narrating an affair with a patient and he is shown flirting with pretty girls. On the other hand, the first time Gyro and Johnny meet Lucy, he refuses to let her ride with him and states that "no woman (will) ride my horse". He later explains that "Lady Luck" would be jealous if he let "another woman" ride with him. Gyro has a few tics of language. For instance, he has a signature "Nyo-ho-ho!" chuckle and is prone to shouting "Ora" during battles. The Zeppeli family's Spin technique, usually applied with special Steel Balls, is a versatile skill Gyro has trained in since his youth. Gyro equips himself with two Steel Balls as a means of self-defense, attack, and general strategic advantage. Throwing his Steel Balls with the Spin, Gyro may create a variety of impressive trajectories, able even to have them return directly to him, mainly after successful contact with his target. On impact with flesh, spiral ripples often appear. Gyro may apply a wide range of effects to human or animal targets, including muscular, nerve, and bone manipulation, and the forceful wringing of flesh to drain water. Gyro explains that although used by his family for execution, the Spin was not developed for destructive ends, and is in many ways equally suitable in medical treatment. After the Corpse's right eye binds with Gyro's, the word "TURBO" is inscribed on Gyro's iris, behind it a diagonally oriented cross; with a cross pattée emerging from the bottom-outside of his eye, on his cheek, to begin with. A single eye appears within each of Gyro's active Steel Balls, staring outwards, also marked on the iris. Manga Debut When Scan is active, the ability places eyes representing those of the Corpse in each of Gyro's active Steel Balls. These enhance Gyro's aptitude for the Spin, and his vision as surrogate eyes (enabling him to see remotely when Hot Pants blinds him with Cream Starter); as well as allowing him to see through people's bodies as though by X-ray, permitting him to calculate for better targeting. Scan Gyro relinquishes this ability when he gives his eye to Lucy Steel. The complete guardian of the Corpse's eyes appears as a largely insentient, robotic humanoid figure. When Gyro departs this figure, it is divided, missing its left arm, leg, upper "eye" and the left plate of the two originally framing its head. A similar figure is seen once more when Gyro uses Scan, growing from his Steel Ball, in his battle against Ringo Roadagain. Ball Breaker manifests when Gyro finally achieves the "Golden Spin". The stand is a visualization of Spin energy unleashed from Gyro's steel balls, the technique behind them ultimately becoming a Stand ability. Ball Breaker embodies a vast force capable of bypassing dimensional barriers.

Stand Name: Ball Breaker is a Stand used by Gyro Zeppeli, featured in Steel Ball Run. The Stand is a visualization of Spin energy produced by the user's steel balls, achieved through the Zeppeli Family's sealed throwing technique capable of bypassing dimensions. It supposedly can be accessed by all users of the Spin, this being due to the requirments it takes to summon it. Little is known about Ball Breaker's full capabilities as it only has one appearance and the technique was flawed due to an imperfect Steel Ball. It can be assumed that, since it is developed from the Golden Spin, Ball Breaker is incredibly powerful. Ball Breaker embodies the vast quantity of energy collected by a Steel Ball when thrown with Golden Spin (i.e. in sequence with Golden Rectangles held by both horse and rider). As a result, it is capable of miraculous feats like bypassing the dimensional wall of D4C - Love Train. The only specific power Ball Breaker has shown is to induce dramatic senescence in a target, greatly aging them in the zone it touches them. When used on a human being, within seconds they age greatly in dramatic fashion and their Stand will also be affected by the aging.

Stand User: Muhammad Avdol is a core ally in Stardust Crusaders. Introduced as an Egyptian friend of Joseph Joestar, he joins the group on their journey to defeat DIO, providing knowledge and guidance about enemy Stand Users and local cultures along the way. Avdol is a Stand User and wields the fire manipulating Stand, Magician's Red. Avdol generally presents himself as a serious, responsible and overall righteous individual. Accordingly, he is very concerned with maintaining his "image" (as he states repeatedly in the fight against Mariah) as a mature and responsible person. Avdol possesses a "strong sense of duty and loyalty". He is highly dedicated to stopping DIO as one of the two first members of the party; remarkably so since he is the only one not to fight him for personal reasons. When Tower of Gray gratuitously killed unrelated bystanders, Avdol was furious. Besides, Avdol is willing to die for his comrades. On two occasions he placed himself in mortal danger to save Jean Pierre Polnareff and Iggy. During their duel, Avdol commended Polnareff's own chivalry and returned the Frenchman's gestures of honor, such as explaining his Stand's power to him. His loyalty is such that when Polnareff accused him to have fled DIO like a coward, Avdol almost lost his cool and hit Polnareff. A strategic thinker and experienced Stand user, Avdol often tries to act as the voice of reason to the rest of the team, although his self-described "emotional" temperament does not always make him suitable for this role (such as during the D'Arby the Gambler arc, when Avdol states that his strong emotions make him unsuited for playing poker). Avdol is regularly seen reflecting on the group's next move. Acting as Joseph's second in command, and being the second oldest man of the Joestar Group, Avdol is aware of the danger they are facing, and he frequently advocates caution during their journey. In contrast to his usual highly-controlled persona, Avdol can be prone to panicking in unexpected situations, such as nearly using his flames in an airplane against Tower of Gray before Noriaki Kakyoin stops him, and exclaiming that the group needs to quickly learn SCUBA diving in the High Priestess arc, prompting Joseph to ask him to stop panicking. However, besides his desire to present himself as a serious person, Avdol can be a jovial individual. He appreciates the tumultuous atmosphere of India for instance,, and when in a particularly good mood will laugh boisterously and engage in childish antics (when he behaves in this manner upon reappearing before Polnareff, the latter notes that it looks like Avdol's personality made a U-turn). Avdol knows his strengths and displays great confidence in them. The fortune teller isn't above boasting about Magician's Red's power, retorting to the enemy's own boasts, and shows a self-satisfied smile whenever he performs a successful move plus his trademark gesture mimicking a fire starter, which is done with a rotating thumbs-up while saying "Yes, I am! Tch! Tch! Tch! ". Avdol's humanoid Stand is Magician's Red; able to generate exceedingly powerful yet finely controlled flames. Different from the fire in nature that only goes up or follows where the wind blows, its flames obey Avdol's own will. Since Avdol was born with Magician's Red, he has had ample time to master its fire ability. Advol demonstrates the versatility of his pyromancy by controlling Magician's Red's flame extremely well, being able to give them exact shapes, such as creating number shaped flames and controlling the intensity of the fire. He also divined other unexpected properties and used his flames as a way to bind people and even created a radar from the fire. Avdol's Stand represents the first Tarot Card "The Magician," symbolizing the beginning of something. Polnareff notes that this is suitable, as when the world began it was surrounded by flames, implying Avdol's Stand represented the beginning of the world. Keeping up with the idea of beginnings, Avdol is shown to be the first character to act on many things: He's the first character to properly use a Stand and get into a fight, the first to encounter DIO, and the first to throw himself into danger to save someone. As a professional fortune-teller, Avdol is knowledgeable about the symbolism of the tarot cards which he uses. Moreover, he seems to know about a great deal about Stands, acting as the expert in Standlogy during his journey and knows about a noticeable number of the Stand users (namely Gray Fly, Devo the Cursed and Midler) sent after him and his companions. However, his knowledge is limited, as he erroneously thought that the number of Stand users was limited by the Tarot, and didn't know about the Egypt 9 Glory Gods. Gifted with a Stand from birth, Avdol made a living as a fortune-teller in a bazaar named Khan el-Khalili in the Islamic district of Cairo, Egypt. Four months prior, he encountered the newly resurrected DIO standing outside the first floor of his office, and barely escaped with his life and sanity after being warned by his friend Joseph Joestar that DIO was dangerous. Before the events of Part 3, he had met and barely tamed the Stand-wielding dog Iggy. Avdol first appeared when he accompanied Joseph to assess Jotaro Kujo's situation in prison. After a brief confrontation, it turned out (through his own knowledge) that Jotaro is a Stand user and Avdol named his Stand Star Platinum after the Star tarot card. After that, with Noriaki Kakyoin free from DIO's control, they went to Hong Kong to take a ship and encountered Jean Pierre Polnareff. Avdol was able to defeat him and after Jotaro destroyed DIO's buds controlling him, Polnareff became their ally as well. Polnareff, however, was impulsive and not careful, being a constant target for Stand users. In one of these attacks, Polnareff was ambushed by Hol Horse and J. Geil, which resulted in Avdol trying to save him. Unaware of the abilities of Hol Horse's Emperor and J. Geil's Hanged Man, Avdol initially fell prey to a combination attack of the two Stand users, being stabbed from behind by J. Geil's Hanged Man and shot by Hol Horse's Emperor. Their combined attack, however, didn't have the wanted effect, as the pain suffered by the stab of Hanged Man made Avdol tilt his head backward, causing Emperor's bullet to only scratch his forehead instead of directly hitting it. His survival was kept a secret from Polnareff, as the group didn't want Avdol to be attacked while he was recovering from his injuries and Polnareff's lack of caution would cause the enemy to find out that Avdol was still alive. From there, it was assumed that he died while he was recovering. Avdol disguised himself as his father, refusing to talk to Polnareff to keep his secret. When Polnareff fell victim to Cameo's onslaught, tricked by clones made by Judgement of Sherry Polnareff and Avdol, the real Avdol revealed himself to be alive, saving Polnareff's life and defeating the Stand user. After joining again with the group they traveled in Avdol's new submarine, but it was quickly destroyed by Midler's High Priestess. He then asked the Speedwagon Foundation to bring Iggy to join the group, and they were attacked by N'Doul. After tricking N'Doul's ears by simulating footsteps in the sand using his own ring cuffs, Avdol almost won the battle by evaporating N'Doul's Geb, but N'Doul found out the trick at the last moment and dodged the attack, injuring Avdol soon after. "The Genesis of Universe: One-Way Trip from Desert to Hell"
(The italicized information below derives from a Light Novel not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canon.) Avdol was attacked by Absalom's Satanic Coupler, who invaded his body as a miniature and threatened to kill him, but was eventually saved by Kakyoin and Jotaro. Afterward, he fell victim to Mariah's Bastet along with Joseph, attracting different metal objects. The two started to pass through difficult and embarrassing situations while following her, even being almost run over by a train. They eventually managed to trick Mariah into standing between them when the two had many heavy objects on their bodies. Attracted to each other via magnetic polarity, Avdol and Joseph crushed Mariah between them, winning the battle.

Stand Name: Magician's Red is the Stand of Muhammad Avdol, featured in Stardust Crusaders. This Stand is based on the first card in the Major Arcana tarot deck, The Magician; which represents beginnings. It does not show any personality, having a constant aggressive demeanor while listening without fail to its user. Avdol also claims that his Stand does not forgive anyone, even enemy Stand Users. Muhammad Avdol was naturally born with this Stand. It has full loyalty to his user, having served him its whole life. Magician's Red is a powerful Stand with an advantage in range thanks to its ability to manipulate fire. Moreover, Magician's Red is still a physically powerful Stand, a single kick of his being able to shatter Judgement's armor, whereas Silver Chariot couldn't. Avdol prefers open spaces in order to use said power more fully. Magician's Red is capable of generating flames intense enough to evaporate metal projectiles mid-air and slice railroad tracks. Moreover, Magician's Red's flames are not ordinary flames, but can be freely manipulated by Avdol. With a thought, the seer can redirect his flames mid-air, give them any shape, control how intense their destructive power is, and even give them other supernatural properties. As the flames are the product of a Stand, they are invisible to non-Stand users despite still having the same properties as normal flames; non-Stand users merely feel the heat and see the generated heat waves. It was also shown that Magician's Red flames are vulnerable to water and can be extinguished when doused with it. Avdol uses several techniques with his flames.

Stand User: Yuya Fungami is a minor character in Diamond is Unbreakable. He is featured as an antagonist in Highway Star, and as an ally in Enigma Boy. Yuya Fungami Yuya is a motorcycle gang member who was made into a Stand User by Yoshihiro Kira and prompted into attacking the Joestar Group. Selfishly attacking Rohan and Josuke in a high-speed road chase with his Highway Star, Yuya later assists Josuke in the fight against Terunosuke. Introduced as he attacks Josuke from afar, flanked by three female admirers, Yuya comes across as vain, selfish, and cowardly. However, he shows a sense of loyalty, bravery and good skills of deduction when joining the battle against Terunosuke Miyamoto. He is protective towards his three admirers, who, in turn, are very close to him. Terunosuke reveals that when afraid, Yuya tends to touch his chin. Yuya's mainly automatic Stand is Highway Star, which tracks targets at a speed of 60 km/h in order to efficiently absorb their vitality. This allows Yuya to recover from injuries at a significantly faster pace. Yuya also has a powerful sense of smell. Yuya Fungami is a motorcycle racer who got drunk and suffered an accident. In it, he had his spine damaged and almost all of his bones broken. While in the hospital, he was pierced by Yoshihiro Kira with the Bow and Arrow. Wanting to heal faster, Yuya used his Stand to absorb energy from people. With his three admirers taking care of him in the hospital, he used his Stand to absorb Rohan Kishibe's energy. Yuya tried to do the same to Josuke, but his location was found by Koichi, and Yuya was confronted by Josuke. Josuke healed him so he could be heavily injured again by Crazy Diamond. He was forced to stay in the hospital for a few more months under the threat of being beaten up again if he tried to use his Stand. Yuya appears again when Koichi is kidnapped by Terunosuke Miyamoto. Josuke asks him to find Koichi with his heightened sense of smell, but Yuya warns him that this is the only thing he will do, not wanting to be an enemy of Yoshihiro. Josuke agrees, and they both end up finding Tomoko Higashikata shortly before Josuke is turned into a paper by Enigma. Inspired by Josuke's bravery in his attempt to save Koichi, Yuya thinks about how he would do the same for his admirers and saves Josuke and Koichi, after which he is turned into a paper by Terunosuke. Koichi and Josuke save Yuya in return when Terunosuke threatens to tear the paper in which he is imprisoned. Yuya is last seen saying goodbye to Reimi Sugimoto at the end of the part.

Stand Name: Highway Star is the Stand of Yuya Fungami, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Highway Star relentlessly pursues its prey by following their scent and has no personality, though Yuya's habit of speaking through his Stand can give the impression of sentience. In the anime, Highway Star speaks with a calm and slightly sinister version of Yuya's own voice. In the colored manga and anime, Highway Star is portrayed as being purple and black. Highway Star is a long-range Stand; defined by mediocre fighting power and a long range of action, which enables Yuya to pilot his Stand rather precisely while resting far from danger. Highway Star possesses a disjointed set of powers that make fighting it a perilous endeavor, and even Josuke must flee the Stand to find the user and beat him. Two of its basic but most remarkable characteristics are its speed and range: Highway Star can run up to 60 km/h (roughly 37 mp/h) and indefinitely maintain that running speed in order to chase after its prey; moreover its chase after Josuke around Morioh while Yuya was in Grape Hills Hospital demonstrates its great range. Highway Star's first witnessed power is a rather odd ability to create a room and lure victims into it. To do this, the Stand will create an illusion inside the room, its appearance being entirely dependent on the person being lured. In Rohan's particular case, he was shown a vision of a man bearing resemblance to Yoshikage Kira, killing a woman. Anyone who enters the room is targeted by Highway Star, who then acquires their 'scent'. Once it has hold of its victim's scent, it begins to relentlessly chase them anywhere at a constant speed of 60 km/h. Highway Star possesses a superhuman sense of smell which Yuya himself sports. While Highway Star can acquire someone's scent and automatically lock onto their position (meaning it can automatically summon itself near the target if they are far enough), Yuya's own nose is subtle enough to pick up and distinguish faint odors. It allows him to guess if a fruit is rotten and even smell someone's mood by the adrenaline they release. Highway Star can section itself into many slices as it flies at high speeds, breaking apart into flat horizontal segments shaped like footprints that move independently of each other, and then reassembling itself piece by piece. This allows Highway Star to be impervious to physical attacks like punches, slip through narrow passages or do large scale multi-angle attacks by striking with all its pieces at once. However in this state, Highway Star acts automatically and mindlessly follows the scent, allowing its target to temporarily trick it. Highway Star's main ability is to suck life energy, or "nutrients", from its victims when any part of it touches the target and transfer it to Yuya in order to heal him. When it sucks out the energy, the victim's skeleton can be seen, and they are left severely exhausted and unable to move or even use their Stand, as was the case with Rohan. Yuya implies that if he wishes, Highway Star can fatally drain a target until they're an emaciated husk. In addition, the life force of Stand users give more energy to Yuya and heals him faster, thus he specifically targets Stand users.

Stand User: Hot Pants is a side character featured in Steel Ball Run. Hot Pants competes in the Steel Ball Run race while posing as a man but is revealed as an agent of Naples and the Vatican and her main goal is to gather the Saint Corpse Parts. She acts as a distant ally, yet a rival to Gyro, Johnny, Lucy and Diego. Hot Pants is a Stand User and wields Cream Starter. Hot Pants is introduced as a rough and vindictive individual, accusing Johnny and Gyro of stealing her supplies and immediately attacking them upon their first meeting. Even when Johnny disproves Hot Pants' accusations, Hot Pants merely backs off and doesn't apologize for her attack, claiming that the duo was guilty of eating some of her meat anyway. This behavior earns her a particular enmity from Gyro's part, who would see her as an enemy. Hot Pants speaks in a particularly rough and masculine manner in spite of her gender, for instance using the pronoun Ore to refer to herself. This and her clothes allow her to pretend to be a man and perform her mission under a false identity. Ore It is revealed that Hot Pants harbors great guilt. As a child, she and her younger brother were attacked by a bear and Hot Pants ultimately pushed her brother toward the bear to escape. Having kept her dark secret from everyone, Hot Pants became a nun to seek forgiveness from God and her brother. Furthermore, she is dedicated to the search for the Saint's Corpse as she hopes that in gathering them, she will also be granted forgiveness. For instance, she shows a rare bliss when taking a Corpse Part and is ready to risk her life against Funny Valentine. Hot Pants' Stand is Cream Starter; a handheld aerosol spray-like device, generating flesh as well as channeling her own; enabling her to distort and extend her body, and seal wounds. When she was younger, she went to collect nuts in the woods with her brother. Attacked by a grizzly bear, they hid in a rock crevice. Injured and scared, Hot Pants pushed her brother out of the crevice - saving herself at the price of his life. The people in her hometown were very kind to her and her parents after the "tragic accident", but Hot Pants became unable to bear the burden of the truth surrounding her brother's death. She left her home and joined a convent in Italy, becoming a nun in the hopes of earning forgiveness from God and her brother. Hot Pants first appears at the beginning of the race's Fourth Stage, having finished first in the Third Stage. Soon she encounters Johnny and Gyro, accusing them of having killed a cow she had been especially grazing on the course. She ends up attacking them using Cream Starter, preventing them from attacking by covering their hands and faces with her Stand's "flesh spray." Johnny convinces her that they weren't responsible for the cow's death, and she recalls the effect of her Stand. She refuses to apologize for blaming them as they had eaten meat from the carcass, then gallops away to hunt down the real culprit. However, they meet again sooner than expected as all three become trapped in the orchard surrounding Ringo Roadagain's cabin. They witness the confrontation between him and Gaucho and end up deciding they will have to kill Ringo in order to continue. While Johnny and Ringo talk, Hot Pants attacks the latter with Cream Starter, slicing off his hand. Unfortunately, he rewinds time and reverts the damage, sidestepping the attack when it happens a second time and shooting Hot Pants' hand. He and Johnny then engage in a gunfight, which Johnny seemingly loses, and Ringo incapacitates Hot Pants by shooting her as well. After Gyro defeats Ringo, he and Johnny use Cream Starter to fill their and Hot Pants' wounds. Johnny then inadvertently discovers that the unconscious Hot Pants is a woman when he checks her chest to see if she is still breathing. Hot Pants drops out of the race in its sixth stage to further pursue the Corpse Parts. She meets Lucy Steel, who wants to give the corpse parts to Gyro and Johnny after their altercation with Blackmore. She gives Lucy some meat spray from Cream Starter to change her appearance in order to infiltrate Valentine's compound. She tells Lucy how to bring the corpse parts together using one of the eyes of the corpse. After Lucy is found out and ends up killing Scarlet, Hot Pants enters the compound to help her and fights off Mike O. and his Stand Tubular Bells. After spraying him with Cream Starter, she causes Mike O. to accidentally kill himself by filling himself with air. Before escaping, she switches Lucy's face with Scarlet's to make it appear that Lucy was the one who died. Later, she is seen by Gyro and Johnny speeding towards a church. When Gyro goes inside the church, she disguises herself as a nun (Gyro does not know that she is a woman at this point). Johnny comes into the church as well, and when Gyro leaves to find Hot Pants, Johnny reveals to Hot Pants that he knows her true gender. For the first time, she breaks down into tears as she tells Johnny that her Corpse Parts were taken by someone. At that moment, her deceased brother appears on her body due to Civil War. She says that the guilt has followed her even as she collected Corpse Parts, even when she became a nun in her hometown. She tells Johnny to run as the memory of her brother's death nearly consumes her. After Axl Ro is killed, she is absolved of her sins (at least physically) and is left by Gyro & Johnny. Hot Pants, after trying to suffocate Diego, teams up with him to take the corpse from the President. The duo, after catching up to the train that Valentine is on, fights off the many Funny Valentine clones brought forth by D4C. After Diego's death, Hot Pants boards the train car that is holding Lucy Steel. She is marveled over the mosaic of the Corpse Parts on Lucy's body. However, Lucy's Stand, Ticket to Ride, finally takes form and the President manipulates the Stand for his own use. Hot Pants is the first to fall victim to the Stand's ability when D4C has multiple insects and a window frame be absorbed under her skin, puncturing her heart and nearly killing her. This causes Hot Pants to fly out of the moving train and tumble onto the ground, where she perishes. Hot Pants drops out in the sixth stage, with a total of 215 points and one extra hour of time. Hot Pants appears in Eyes of Heaven as a support in Story Mode. She has one voice line, performed by Megumi Toyoguchi.

Stand Name: Cream Starter is the Stand of Hot Pants, featured in Steel Ball Run. Similar to Emperor and Beach Boy; Cream Starter functions as a tool and weapon for Hot Pants, who uses its ability to manipulate flesh in various ways. Its power is very versatile and deadly against humans. A rare feature, Cream Starter can be used by anyone who can take hold of the spray. The signature ability of Cream Starter is to spray flesh as a cream-like substance that then retakes its original consistence. Hot Pants can spray a certain amount of flesh to act as a projectile, using her own flesh, or absorbing the flesh of an individual by directly touching them, to use as fuel for her spray. It seems that for small uses, no flesh is needed. The flesh can fly tens of meter in the air if need be, but Hot Pants typically uses the spray within proximity of herself. If the sprayed flesh touches someone, it fuses with the individual in various harmful or beneficial ways depending on Hot Pants' goal: Hot Pants can transform her whole body into fuel for the spray, allowing her to become more liquid-like and creep through narrow spaces, infiltrating a presidential residence this way. She can also detach body parts such as a hand with Cream Starter and spray them away to attack and act from unexpected angles. A downside of this ability is a detached body part transfers any pain it feels back to the user.

Stand User: Karera Sakunami is a side character featured in JoJolion. Karera is a student enamored with Josuke Higashikata's former identity and has been embroiled with the Rokakaka Smuggling Organization. She is currently in hiding. Karera is a Stand User and can grow hair anywhere thanks to her Love Love Deluxe. Airheaded, whimsical and crude, Karera is an eccentric girl whose presence is grating to everyone around her. In general, Karera is a jovial yet unpredictable person. She is usually energetic and playful, and at the same time is prone to suddenly change subject and/or mood. Karera is quite clingy and flirty with Josuke, whom she mistakes for being her crush Josefumi. She also claims that she dreams about becoming a clothing designer, but so far hasn't demonstrated any serious effort in achieving this. On the other hand, the subject of the Rokakaka and the threat of the Rock Humans makes her nervous as she understands the stakes and danger of it. Karera has a surprisingly high number of bad habits. Firstly, Karera is a serial conwoman. Exploiting her Stand power, she commits several petty crimes such as scamming a yakitori vendor or taxi driver into giving her money by faking a bad service. She also manages to steal money from a credit card. Secondly, Karera is rather slovenly due to her current living style. For instance, she has no problem leaving a mess behind her after eating or cleaning the space between her toes in public. Karera also regularly causes scandals for her own benefit (acting and speaking vulgarly during such occasions and insulting her interlocutors), indulges in pachinko only to lose her money and beg Josuke for more and is near-constantly seen snacking. She hates to dwell on the past, going so far as to completely avoid associating herself with it, except for her unrequited love for Josefumi Kujo. Although she is a Stand User, Karera is also no fighter and prefers to flee her enemies, only coming to assist Josuke after leaving for long enough to be forgotten about and make a successful sneak attack. Karera's Stand Love Love Deluxe gives her control over other people's hair, growing it on their heads and even on other things that they had touched, such as a tsukune or an ATM's LCD screen. Not much is known about Karera's youth. It is known that Karera is not keeping contact with her family and is uninterested in doing so, meaning she must have had some bad history with them. Karera became an agricultural student at T University, frequenting the same college as Josefumi Kujo. Karera had a crush with Josefumi and began to stalk him. Although she has shared a photo with Josefumi and Yoshikage Kira, Karera never formally met them. On August 19, 2011, Karera was resting at Morioh's harbor, presumably waiting for Josefumi, when Josefumi and Kira were attacked by Tamaki Damo and Yotsuyu Yagiyama. Kira secretly planted Sheer Heart Attack in her hair and lured her into wandering near his boat so that Yotsuyu would approach her. Sheer Heart Attack's explosion created a diversion so Kira and Josefumi could escape; Karera escaped unharmed. However, she had to hide for six months, pursued by the A. Phex Brothers. Karera is introduced in the story as a mysterious woman who lures Josuke into a back alley, having mistaken him for Josefumi. She is revealed to have some familiarity with Yoshikage Kira and Josuke's other half. She's eventually convinced that Josuke was the one she mistook him for after he uses his Stand to obtain her name through the card in her back pocket wallet. After the exchange, she borrows money from him and swindles a free meal from a yakitori shop by producing a hair from a tsukune using a Stand ability. Later she and Josuke go to a cafe in downtown Morioh where she shoves various items in a plastic bag, before eating bread with sugar and soy sauce, later offering it to Josuke claiming it tastes like sukiyaki. After she cleans the spaces in between her toes with a napkin dipped in water, she walks into the bathroom with an old man using her Stand power to grow hair on his head which is interrupted by Josuke, who mistakenly thought she was prostituting herself. She later explains to Josuke that she gets paid growing hair on the heads of men (while they are in her Stand's radius), and replies to Josuke's interrogation of her that she loves him, not caring for her family and that she lives in the present. Immediately after that, she yells at two men for staring at her before leaving the cafe. Outside the cafe, Karera shows Josuke the photo of his other half, herself and Yoshikage Kira in addition to calling him by his real name, before using her Stand to steal an ATM card belonging to one of the men she yelled at. She later uses her Stand to get the number of the ATM and steal money to 'treat' Josuke, when in reality she went shopping to buy various items including a computer for her dream as a fashion designer before going in a cab planning on going to Kira's apartment and Josefumi's house, using her Stand in the process to scam the cab driver into a free ride. Afterward, they walk down the road to Kira's place before Josuke told her that Kira was dead causing her to break down under the assumption that he was murdered and reveal to him that Kira owned a Rokakaka Tree in addition of disposing of several more. Then Josuke spots one of the A. Phex Brothers and asks if she knew him, which she denies. Shortly after she is lit aflame by the older brother's ability and extinguished by Soft & Wet before later fleeing. Soon after, she feels guilty for abandoning Josuke, realizing it was her fault they were attacked and she had involved him. Karera uses her Stand to light the older of the twins on fire and the two are killed quickly afterward. Following their defeat, she tells Josuke that she likes him, and she will be sticking around Morioh for a while longer. She reveals that she can tell he made an "equivalent exchange" with Kira, and then, after mentioning that they will see each other again at some unknown time in the future, she leaves him without another word about the situation.

Stand Name: Love Love Deluxe is the Stand of Karera Sakunami, featured in JoJolion. With Love Love Deluxe, Karera Sakunami has control over other people's hair, but only within a 80-meter range of herself. She generally uses Love Love Deluxe to scam people by making them think she can grow their hair back permanently, but she has also used it to avoid having to pay for food by producing a yakitori-stand owner's hair in a product she bought and she has used it to discover the PIN of someone whose ATM card she has stolen, as the hairs on the LCD screen grow at different lengths depending on the order of the numbers. She can also cause a lot of hair to grow to form a sort of cushion after being pushed, but she cannot seem to control the length of her own hair. Hair Control:

Stand User: Rai Mamezuku is a major ally featured in JoJolion. Rai is a reclusive plant appraiser, secretly employed by the Higashikata Fruit Company and only known by Norisuke Higashikata IV. Once attacked by the Rock Humans, he joins with Josuke Higashikata in order to protect himself. Rai is a Stand User, and his Doggy Style confers him the ability to transform into band-like strings. Rai Mamezuku is an eccentric and brusque individual with little care for politeness. He is highly analytical and quick-witted in his way of approaching problems. As soon as he learns of what is happening in Morioh and that he is under attack, he takes the initiative in joining with his allies. With a single phone call with Norisuke about Josuke's confusing issue, Rai manages to grasp the stakes for every party involved and see the best course of action for him. He tends to carefully observe his surroundings and verbally takes notes of everything remotely interesting to him; this habit allows him to discern the nature and subtleties of the attack against him. Rai also regularly calculates probabilities, like the chances of someone being safe through selected factors. Rai is very coldhearted in his methods, repeatedly showing that he has no qualm sacrificing a perceived less important part for a greater goal. His orchard specifically leaves a small part of the culture overriden with predatory insects and disease to better the rest of the orchard, he has no problem cutting off his own hand to save himself, and even puts Yasuho in great danger because he sees her as less important than his own safety. Moreover, Rai is very cool-headed. Despite being introduced under attack from an unknown ability, he acts calmly despite an open focus on his survival. Once on relatively safe grounds, Rai even takes the time to cook a snack for him, Josuke and Yasuho. When he loses his left hand to a Stand attack, he calmly severs it to preserve the rest of his body. However, Rai's most noticeable trait is his eccentricity and bluntness. First, he is extremely antisocial. His only relationship is with Norisuke, whom he nonetheless considers a good friend. Rai takes many steps in order to stay isolated, as his home during the summer is actually a support pillar for a skilift, complete with at least a hidden kitchen and a whole mountainside as his orchard; during winter he resides in a villa. Moreover, Rai constantly demonstrates a lack of care for others. He hijacks a bus without a second thought but the repercussions on him, pries on Yasuho's private life and considers his survival as the priority, that of Josuke and Yasuho being second to his. Nonetheless, he seems impressed when Yasuho takes the initiative in covering their tracks and has thought of inviting his guests for a snack while they discuss their next move. It doesn't stop Rai from condemning Josuke when the latter instinctively prioritizes her safety in the midst of an attack and then coldy throw her into the range of the enemy Stand to observe what happens. Rai's Stand has a currently unknown power, which can create a prehensile bandage-like string from his body in order to grab objects from afar. Rai implies his Stand is not suited for direct combat, instead relying on Josuke to help protect him in case a battle ensues. Rai is an expert in horticulture, his profession being a plant appraiser and a fruit grower, implying a great deal of knowledge and experience on plants. He can identify a plant simply from its appearance in a photograph, and has the knowledge on how to properly care for rare plants such as the Rokakaka. Rai was born into a family of fruit farmers, whose high-class pears were prized goods. However, their cultivating techniques were leaked, leading to a competitor managing to steal an entire crop of pear and bringing down the fruit trees. Thus his parents had to part with their orchards. Blaming his parents, Rai began to live alone in a ski slope, cultivating his own fruits despite the difficulties. Rai met Norisuke Higashikata IV at 17, when Norisuke came to buy his grown strawberries. Impressed by their quality, Norisuke appointed Rai in secret to be his personal fruit grower and appraiser. Rai's existence in the company was kept with the utmost secrecy, with not even Norisuke's own son Jobin ever being informed. Rai is first shown when Norisuke presents a photo of him to Josuke Higashikata, advising the latter to go find him, as his skills would enable Josuke to recognize the grafted Rokakaka branch. After communicating with Norisuke in regards to a certain Josuke Higashikata's inquiry about a Rokakaka branch, Rai notices that he is under attack from an unidentified enemy moving underground. Running from his assailant, Rai ends up hijacking the bus which Josuke and Yasuho Hirose are on, formally meeting them and presenting himself in the process. Rai thus drives to his summer home in the mountains, a ski lift. Discussing with Josuke and Yasuho, Rai manages to find the location of the Rokakaka using photographs of the orchard, and determines that the best course of action for his survival is to work with Josuke. After a brief snack, the trio is attacked by the unknown assaillant revealed to be a duo of Rock Human and Rock Animal, Urban Guerrilla and his pet Doremifasolati Do. Losing several fingers to a first attack, Rai becomes upset that Josuke has protected Yasuho first instead of him. To observe the enemy, Rai pushes Yasuho down the ski lift, which pushes Josuke to also jump down, although Rai tells him they have to take a fuel tank stored inside one of the lift poles. Separated from his allies, Rai is attacked by Urban Guerrilla and falls down the lift, heavily injured. However, he's managed to pierce the fuel tank and bring it to Josuke alongside his lighter, which Josuke uses to make Doremifasolati Do and Urban explode. Afterward, Rai takes with him a vivarium full of moth larvae. When he tells Yasuho to leave and go home, Yasuho refuses and begins to tell her story. Uninterested by her, Rai nonetheless listens when Yasuho theorizes that the strange hair clip which has tormented her may have been a Rock Animal. Thus, he sends her to investigate it. Arriving at the Higashikata estate through secret underground tunnels, Rai and Josuke stealthily manage to plant the moth larvae in the Rokakaka branch and must now wait 2 days before a new fruit grows. Their departure is interrupted when they notice the atmospheric pressure growing inside the tunnel. Looking outside, the two see the orchard on fire and decide to use giant bubbles to protect themselves from Ozon Baby's power. Going out into the open to take the branch, Rai sees the enemy, Poor Tom, and decides to confront him. Rai's attempts to break Poor Tom's neck by strangling him with his wired arm proves to be a mistake as touching Poor Tom directly increases Ozon Baby's influence on him. When Poor Tom traps a part of the wire inside a knife sheath to simulate a closed space, Rai succumbs to the pressure, making his body explode. Despite all observing parties assuming that the plant appraiser was killed by the explosion, Rai was able to successfully utilize Doggy Style in order to disassemble his body rapidly, giving the impression that he was torn to shreds. After the conflict with Poor Tom ends, Josuke discovers a surviving yet disassembled Rai and mourns the loss of the branch, not knowing that Jobin had obtained it covertly. After the battle, Josuke explains what happened to the Higashikata Family. Rai suspects Jobin of lighting the orchard on fire, but none of them have any proof of what happened. They decide to follow the trail of the ambulance's license plate. Finding that that no such ambulance is recorded, Josuke finds another trail when Yasuho calls her to go to the TG University Hospital. Arriving there with Josuke, Rai spends some time searching for Yasuho while at the same time, she is busy fighting Dr. Wu Tomoki alongside Mitsuba Higashikata. Tipped by Yasuho's ex-boyfriend Tooru, Josuke and Rai reach the secret laboratory containing several Rokakaka branches. After Josuke saves Yasuho, Rai scans the room and deduces in his turn that the stolen Rokakaka branch isn't in the laboratory and destroys the trees of the garden. Although Yasuho theorizes that since Tomoki tried to gain control of Mitsuba, he may have suspected Jobin as the possessor of the branch, Rai is adamant about the branch being in the hands of the Rokakaka Organization and stays deaf to her suggestions. He instead reports his attention to the last member of the organization unaccounted for: Satoru Akefu, the head doctor of TG University Hospital. The trio are eventually informed about the head doctor walking away behind them, but to Rai's frustration, the supposedly 89 years old doctor keeps evading them as they continuously bump against objects, Rai being the most subjected to these occurrences. As the doctor leaves the hospital grounds, Rai notices that his legs are being shredded and that the group is under attack from an enemy Stand. Warning against continuing the pursuit, he helplessly watch a car almost crashing into Yasuho and Josuke as they pursue the head doctor, who has now boarded a bus. Moreover, Josuke gets into trouble when a patient nearby starts a fight and his broken neck violently and suddenly snaps on Josuke, making it look like he murdered the man. A crowd gathers and the police arrives as Rai, unwilling to be arrested, tells Yasuho to get away while he and Josuke must find a way out of this situation. Two days before the harvest, Rai and Josuke eventually decide to hide inside a Lamborghini, itself also hidden in the foliage of a tree. Having bought some supplies, Rai stitches himself up and also discovers that Satoru Akefu may be attending a lecture on regenerative medicine at the TG University Hospital. At the same time, he and Josuke discuss the exact nature of Satoru Akefu's Stand. Once they decide to actually go to the lecture, Satoru's Stand reappears, making them realize that it is triggered by the intent of pursuit. As they worriedly leave the car to escape the incoming attack, Rai and Josuke discover with horror that the drops from an incoming rain become lethal projectiles, forcing them to take refuge in a police car. Determined to get to the hospital and reach Satoru Akefu's lecture, Josuke steps out of the car and gets pierced by the raindrops on purpose to be injured and taken to the hospital. Shocked, Rai notices that the attack has ended with Josuke being taken out, or worse, and angrily yells at the police to get an ambulance. Apprehended by the police, Rai is now unsure of what will happen.

Stand Name: Doggy Style is the Stand of Rai Mamezuku, featured in JoJolion. Doggy Style's full capabilities are currently unknown, however its primary ability allows Rai to "peel" his own body like an apple, unraveling his appendages into "wire rope" that he can control and manipulate. Skin Peeler Rai first uses it while on an aerial lift to retrieve a strawberry from a bush several feet below. The most advanced usage of this ability is when Rai turns his entire arm into a makeshift crossbow, from which he fires a fork using his mouth. Rai can also send his rope fast enough to give it cutting power and he notably cut a garden of Rokakaka plants this way. Rai is also able to completely unravel himself as shown when he feigns death from Poor Tom's Ozon Baby. He seemed to be able to unravel everypart of his body besides his eyes and teeth, making it look like he had been crushed to death.

Stand User: The Boom Boom Family is a family of minor antagonists featured in Steel Ball Run. They were hired by a foreign country as assassins to kill Gyro Zeppeli and Johnny Joestar. All three members share the Stand Tomb of the Boom. The Boom Boom family acquired their collective Stand at a certain point in the past, killing one prospector by disemboweling him. During the first stage of the Steel Ball Run race, they kill two other racers, attracting the attention of the local sheriff and bounty hunter Mountain Tim, who is also a participant in the race. During the second stage, Andre approaches Johnny Joestar and Gyro Zeppeli claiming to have been bitten by a lizard and asks for some fire to cauterize the wounds. This turned out to have actually been a plan to make them touch Andre and become prey of his Stand. Not too long after the encounter, the other two family members came in to intercept Gyro and Johnny with their magnetic Stands. Although both manage to flee, Benjamin manages to drop some of Andre's blood on Johnny, maintaining their Stand's power on the duo. Moreover Benjamin tricks Mountain Tim into chasing Johnny by attacking him while disguised, also having planted some blood on Tim. Andre faints from blood loss and is presumably left behind. Benjamin and L.A. catch up to Johnny, Gyro and Tim and manage to trap and disable all three. However, Johnny awakens his Stand Tusk which takes the Boom Boom Family by surprise. Benjamin is cut in half and dies while L.A. gets one foot cut crippling him. Before Johnny, Gyro, and Tim leave, an enraged L.A. swears revenge on them and inadvertently indicates that other killers are on their trails. However Tim remarks that L.A. has no way to rejoin civilization, thus will die of thirst in the desert. This is the final time a member of the Boom Boom Family is seen.

Stand Name: Tomb of the Boom is the shared Stand of the Boom Boom Family, featured in Steel Ball Run. The Boom Boom Family's Tomb of the Boom seems to have the power of magnetism. They have control over metal, and can notably destroy one of Gyro's Steel Balls before it can reach them. Each member of the family, Andre like Benjamin and L.A., turn people into magnets by touching them, including a few drops of blood. Once turned, every metal object near the victims will be attracted to them and will sink into their body, causing crippling wounds. André can magnetize several people at once and the victims will also attract each other. If the affected people get far enough from the Boom Boom Family, the magnetism weakens, but if they sufficiently approach a victim, the magnetism is so powerful that the victims' bodies will rip themselves apart. The magnetism also becomes more lethal depending on the number of affected people in close proximity of each other. Benjamin Boom Boom can let metal objects sink into his skin to replicate the appearance of another person or spawn metal blades from his body to attack by surprise. His Stand is strong enough to deflect bullets from a revolver. Andre Boom Boom is the most powerful of the three, according to Benjamin. However, it isn't seen doing anything in particular. L. A. Boom Boom manipulates iron sand. With the sand, L.A. immobilizes his victims by binding their limbs. Additionally, he is able to kill a person by manipulating the iron particles in their blood to suck out their blood.

Stand User: Coco Jumbo is a side character and ally featured in Vento Aureo. This turtle is a gift to Team Bucciarati from the Boss of Passione. It serves as a mobile hideout for the gang thanks to its Stand, Mr.President. Despite being an animal Stand user, Coco Jumbo doesn't display any kind of personality or heightened intelligence whatsoever. It seems to, like all turtles, prefer to hide in small, dark places. By the end of Vento Aureo, Coco Jumbo's body became permanently affixed to Polnareff's soul, gaining his personality and allowing him to speak to humans. When a special key is placed in the hole on its back, people can access a small room within the turtle. Nothing much is known about Coco Jumbo. It is assumed that Diavolo used the Bow and Arrow on it, giving Coco Jumbo its current abilities. Coco Jumbo is introduced idling in Naples' train station. At first, Bucciarati doesn't take any interest in it, looking for a keyhole corresponding to the key he retrieved earlier. Soon, he notices the keyhole in the turtle's back and realizes what its power is. During their adventure, Coco Jumbo serves as a room for Team Bucciarati as they travel through Italy, allowing them to sneak aboard various means of transportation and providing a safe room for any injured protagonist. Coco Jumbo plays a key role in saving the lives of both Bucciarati and Trish Una during their first encounter with Diavolo. Giorno Giovanna takes DNA from the turtle and turns it into one of his ladybug brooches using his Gold Experience and hands it to Bucciarati as a tracking device. When Giorno begins sensing that something has gone wrong the moment Bucciarati's phone is destroyed by Diavolo, he turns the brooch back into a clone of Coco Jumbo, who sucks the Boss into itself, stalling him long enough to allow Bucciarati to come up with a plan in order to escape with Trish. During Chariot Requiem's switching of souls, Jean Pierre Polnareff's is transferred into Coco Jumbo's body where it assumes direct control until after Chariot Requiem is eliminated. Polnareff would later permantently reside in Coco Jumbo's body, having his soul trapped in Mr. President as a ghost.

Stand Name: Mr.President is the Stand of Coco Jumbo, featured in Vento Aureo. It serves as a safe room for the protagonists during their mission. Mr.President Mr.President has no combat ability whatsoever, but its power to have an entire room's space inside a turtle makes it very useful as a mobile hiding spot. When one places a special key into the depression located on Coco Jumbo's shell, they can access a room "within the turtle". This activation method, however, appears to have been trained. By simply approaching the hand on the key, one can "sink" inside Coco Jumbo and find themselves in a plain room inside the animal. Inversely, by only raising the arm, the room's occupant can exit the turtle. Removing the key from the shell's depression forcibly ejects the room's occupants. The transparent jewel on the key allows people to peek from either side of the room's ceiling, although those outside may see them as very small, while those inside will see people many times taller than them. It may indicate that people actually shrink in order to fit inside Coco Jumbo. The room doesn't protect its occupants from Stand powers, thus The Grateful Dead's power which affects everything within its range could age Team Bucciarati hidden inside the room. Thankfully for the occupants, moving the turtle around or even inclining it won't affect the room.

Stand User: Daniel J. D'Arby is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. Daniel is an expert and inveterate gambler and his Stand, Osiris, can steal souls. He is a member of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods and meets the Joestar Group in Cairo. Here, he tricks them into wagering their souls in various gambles. Daniel J. D'Arby exhibits an affable but sly, knowing character. Daniel's first and foremost character trait is his love of gambling. He states that he lives for the thrill of gambling (which he recognizes as worthless). This love of gambling is complemented by his enjoyment for cheating, and he proudly admits that cheating is one of his greatest skills shamelessly rigging every game he's seen participating to while justifying himself by claiming that if the cheat isn't exposed, it is "fair" game. His addiction to gambling is such that he can remember specific instances of when he gambled on one. Moreover, D'Arby developed a philosophy comparing gambling to social life, claiming that like gambling, it revolves around fakes and cheats. According to him, those who are stupid enough to be cheated simply deserve it and have no right to complain, exhibiting a belief in a form of social Darwinism. In contrast, D'Arby readily accepts that Jotaro Kujo broke his finger when the student saw through one of his trick as his punishment. Therefore, D'Arby has also great pride and confidence in his ability, as he calls himself the greatest gambler in the world. D'Arby reveals himself as soon as he wins Polnareff's soul and openly challenges Jotaro's group. When his pride is on the line, D'Arby outright states that he isn't battling the Joestar Group for his master DIO but for his pride as a gambler. During their poker game, D'Arby didn't hesitate to taunt Jotaro through harmless commentaries during their poker to better rub his first victory in his face. However, when the pressure of having to gamble information on The World while Jotaro erased any certainty about his hand proved too much to handle, D'Arby went mad. D'Arby seems to hold some pride in his family name, making the effort of spelling it to the Joestar group and being angered when Joseph Joestar persists in calling him by the wrong name (which would be perceived as a grave insult to Japanese audiences), though this may have been part of his plan. Daniel's Stand is Osiris, of the power to extract a target's soul when they sense defeat, typically after a game or bet with him; after which it is compressed as one or more casino tokens. Gambling and cheating: With a flair for deception, Daniel is a skilled professional gambler, confident in his ability to prevail in any type of game and his forte being poker. D'Arby has an exceptionally keen mind when it comes to cheating. He not only made sure that a whole bar was rigged in his favor when he played against the Joestar Group, but could also think of a way to cheat on the spot when playing against Joseph. Gambling and cheating: Sleight of Hand: D'Arby has an exceptional fine motor skill and sense of touch, enabling him to perform cardistry. He is nimble and precise to the point that he can figure out which page of a book he is on just by touching it with his fingers, and can memorize the order of the cards in a deck by touching them. His nimbleness allows him to perform card tricks in order to cheat and tried to use a second dealing in poker. Sleight of Hand: Daniel is a man who seems to have a predatory desire for tricking people into his seemingly innocuous games just to steal their souls with his Stand. He then begins goading the loser's friends and family to try winning back the soul, giving him even larger winnings. With this, he has collected several souls, including those of the Moor Family. He shares this interest in collecting souls with his younger brother, Telence, though Daniel has no interest in keeping the souls conscious in captivity, instead of having them in a deep sleep inside his collection. In addition, his collection is meticulously detailed, with every soul's name listed, as well as area and date of capture. At some point in the past, Daniel had tried to hit on his brother's girlfriend, prompting Telence to savagely beat him up. Daniel would never challenge Telence due to his ability to read minds. The Joestar group encounter Daniel while searching Cairo for DIO's mansion. After asking around in a cafè he is sitting in, Daniel tells them he knows the location of the mansion, but refuses to share the information for money. Instead, he tries to convince the group to try winning the information from him in games of chance. He first quickly sets up a game to see which one of two pieces of beef a nearby cat would take first. An impatient Polnareff accepts his bet, as well as the condition that Polnareff bets his soul in return, thinking it is all nonsense. Daniel wins the bet and takes Polnareff's soul with his Stand, Osiris, as well as revealing himself to be one of DIO's men and the owner of the cat involved in the game. Because of his Stand's nature, the Joestar group had to beat him at his own game to win back their friend's soul. Joseph tries outsmarting Daniel in a game where they put coins in a glass of liquor until someone loses by causing the glass to spill over, but Daniel turns out to be the better cheater thanks to a piece of melted chocolate under the glass. Jotaro then challenges Daniel at poker, which the gambler comments on is his strongest game. After Jotaro foils his attempt at second dealing by breaking his finger, Daniel is visibly shaken and declares that he is no longer fighting for DIO, but for his pride as a gambler. He splits Polnareff's and Joseph's souls into five chips each for them to use. They then get a nearby boy to deal the cards for them. Jotaro loses with his pairs of eights and nines to Daniel's queens and jacks. As it turns out, Daniel owns the entire cafè and "everyone within a stone's throw of it". He confidently tells himself that no matter who Jotaro picks to deal the cards, he will only get bad hands. In the second round of the game, Jotaro refuses to look at his cards, saying he will play with the ones he has, which frustrates Daniel. Jotaro begins raising Daniel with his remaining "soul chips", as well as Avdol's and Kakyoin's souls, without a single twitch. He also promises to give up Kakyoin's soul instead of his if he forfeits the poker game. This, along with Star Platinum fetching Jotaro a cigarette and a drink without Daniel's immediate notice, confuses him and causes him to have doubts about whether he truly is in control of the situation anymore. Daniel's four kings was apparently a guaranteed win, but he begins wondering if Jotaro really has one of the three possible hands that could beat him, or if Star Platinum had switched the cards without him noticing. As Daniel is about to call, Jotaro raises his mother's soul, demanding Daniel meet his raise with information on DIO's Stand. This causes Daniel to panic, knowing that if he were to tell, DIO would have him killed for betraying him. Daniel tries to force himself to call Jotaro's bet, but he falls apart completely and becomes a hysteric mess, admitting defeat in his heart. Polnareff, Joseph and the hundreds of other souls Daniel had collected over the years were freed from his collection. Daniel J. D'Arby is encountered in a bar earlier in the story and challenges the player to pick out a certain tarot card. The other player characters lose and have their spirit taken (Represented by their mental points dropping to 1) but the last player character wins on the final turn, restoring their mental points and moving the story on. Daniel does not cheat all in said game and no explicit mention is made of his Stand, nor does he go insane after being beaten. Daniel appears as one of the ten characters from the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure franchise who appears on the game. Daniel, along with his cat and his Stand, makes a cameo in the game's continue screen, asking if the player wishes to continue (In the English locale, he asks 'Continue?' while in Japanese, 'Game no tsuzukeru ka?'). If the player lets the timer run down, Osiris takes their soul away compressing it into a poker chip. In the updated game and HD rerelease, Daniel appears on the main menu. When the player selects a mode or when they continue, Daniel shouts his signature phrase, "GOOD!" In the PSX version's Super Story Mode, Daniel is encountered as a boss with three different minigames, all of them the same as the manga. the first two games are rigged as they were in the manga, so the player will always lose, but the Poker minigame allows the player to win once they unlock and choose the "Bluff" option. However, if the player replays the minigames via the Boingo Book menu, this time the player can win said minigames to see optional different endings, and can also win the poker game legitimately by forcing Daniel to run out of coins to bet with. Daniel appears in the game as the host of the game's Customize mode. His taglines are available for use in Player Cards as well. He also appears as a support character in Campaign mode. When he appears, he challenges the player to pick a card from a set of ten. 9 of them have Daniel on them whilst one has Iggy on it. Getting a Daniel card will give the player a support item for free whilst getting an Iggy will get the player nothing. Daniel appears in the game's Story Mode twice, both of which are in Morioh. His first appearance sees him taking the soul of Jotaro's future daughter, Jolyne Cujoh, in a game of heads-or-tails before Jotaro could stop it from happening, in an act of revenge for his previous humiliation by him. Jotaro then defeats Daniel in a poker game, forcing him to relinquish Jolyne's soul before disappearing. He later reappears back in Morioh, now holding a Saint's Corpse Part thanks to Heaven Ascension DIO. Defeated by Jotaro once again, he gives his corpse part to Jotaro and tells him that the only other person who knows DIO's weakness is Enrico Pucci, before disappearing once again.

Stand Name: Osiris is the Stand of Daniel J. D'Arby, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Osiris is an Automatic Stand that completes Daniel J. D'Arby's gambling and cheating skills. More precisely, it is the cooperation of Daniel's gambling and Osiris' ability to steal souls on easy-to-reach conditions that make the pair so dangerous. Because of this, Daniel nearly defeated the entirety of the Joestar Group. Osiris has the ability to take the soul of anyone who loses to D'Arby in a bet or in a game. More specifically, it will act when the opponent "admits defeat in their heart", which is said to reduce their soul energy to near-zero. D'Arby needs his opponent to agree to gambling their soul in order for Osiris' ability to work. If the loser bet the soul of another person, Osiris can take it even if that person is not present or agrees to it. Cheating is allowed when gambling against D'Arby, since he deems cheating acceptable as long as you aren't caught. The souls are compressed by Osiris' hands and stored in the form of poker chips, which D'Arby keeps as a collection. D'Arby is free to gamble individual souls or even split a chip into several blank pieces to be used in a game, with all of the parts being equal to one soul. If he recognizes defeat, the souls he's gambled are released. He is also able to release any number of the souls he currently has at will. According to D'Arby, if he dies, so too do all of the souls he's collected. Osiris may have the ability to memorize anything that D'Arby touches, whether it be cards or page numbers. D'Arby has used this talent to cheat by touching Jotaro Kujo's cards, allowing D'Arby to know if Jotaro's cards were good or how he was going to use them. It is unclear if this is part of Osiris' abilities or if it is because of D'Arby's mastery as a card dealer.

Stand User: Foo Fighters is a major ally featured in Stone Ocean. Foo Fighters is a mix of Stand and Stand User; A colony of plankton that is organized, maintained by, and essentially equivalent to the Stand, Foo Fighters. At first serving Enrico Pucci/Whitesnake, they soon ally themself with Jolyne Cujoh out of gratitude for being spared. Foo Fighters is originally portrayed as an obedient minion whose sole purpose was to fulfill Pucci's orders. After meeting Jolyne, they begin to grow a sense of individuality throughout the story. Foo Fighters' personality hinges on the fact that they possess "intellect" but little life experience. During their introductory arc, their only goal is to preserve themself which includes obeying Whitesnake's instructions to guard the discs. As their guardian, they attack people very ruthlessly and aims to kill anyone approaching the disc's hiding place, regardless of their threat level. Being an intellectual being, Foo Fighters places great importance in themself and will implore their enemy to recognize them as sentient by calling them by their name. They also quote the astronomer Fred Hoyle to claim an "intellect" is guiding the universe, even predating it, all to say that even plankton can be intelligent. When Foo Fighters dies, Jolyne meets their ghost for a short time and the former mass of plankton happily contemplates their spirit form that confirms that they were truly alive and sentient. However, when Jolyne shows mercy toward them and saves them from dehydration, Foo Fighters discovers another way of thinking and grows interested in her, pledging to protect Jolyne and accompany her from now on disguised as the prisoner Atroe. Foo Fighters was shown not to have much of an eye for detail prior to meeting Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes Costello and laments their existence upon expecting death after being defeated by the two. When Jolyne saves them, however, F.F. immediately begins to notice more details around themself and comes to perceive the world around them as being more colorful. As a result of experiencing this whole new environment, they become extremely curious about everything around them, constantly asking questions to people and experimenting with the world, for instance, trying to do the contrary of what Atroe would have done. While they get along with other people, they have the strongest affinity for Jolyne for giving them freedom and "intellect", of which losing is their greatest fear. Foo Fighters eventually comes to accumulate enough positive memories of their companions that it comes to value them over their own safety, eventually sacrificing themself to close Anasui's wound with its plankton. Indirectly saving Jotaro and Anasui's, Foo Fighters departs satisfied to be able to salute Jolyne one last time before ascending to heaven. Because of their great dependency on water, Foo Fighters is obsessed with it and goes to great lengths to constantly hydrate itself. They carry a cup of water and will fight anyone over it, as well as drink any liquid as long as it contains water, be it blood or spit. Being a mass of plankton with no experience of society, they aren't disturbed by any of it. In summary, F.F. is its own Stand and Stand User. It may reconstitute itself, fill and seal the wounds of others with its flesh, as well as project its flesh as bullets, along with rapid regeneration. Enrico Pucci had a shack of Stand disks near prison grounds, a collection of different Stands that he had collected over the years while in prison. The area around the shack is generally untouched and desolate. Enrico needed a guardian for these disks, lest they fall into unwanted hands. He threw a random DISC into the ocean, which landed in a group of plankton floating on the surface. Unexpectedly, F.F. was born. F.F. was told by Whitesnake to stay at the shack where he kept the discs and to kill anyone (other than him) should they come close. Having no other purpose, they did as they were told, protecting the discs. When Jolyne and Ermes approached the shack during an outdoor activity, F.F. attacked but was soundly beaten by both of them. Parched and close to disintegrating, they lamented its meaningless life having only lived serving orders under Whitesnake, but was spared by Jolyne, who gave it water, despite Ermes' protests. Fascinated by their savior, it showed Jolyne her father's missing Stand Disc in gratitude. Subsequently, F.F. inhabited the body of a dead inmate and followed both of them back to prison. After following Jolyne & Ermes back to the prison, F.F. is later seen playing catch with Ermes and Jolyne in the courtyard, with awkward throws. After they get used to it, Miraschon places a wager, to catch & throw 100 balls for $200. They succeed in the bet without repercussions, but Miraschon places an even higher wager, 100 catches for $1,000. This intrigues Ermes, so she decides to throw instead of Jolyne. When they reach about 31, a guard grabs F.F., screaming that outdoor time is over. They throw it anyways after realizing that whatever interferes, they lose the bet. Ermes then bribes the guard, who looks the other way, but he takes away Ermes' glove causing her to drop the baseball. She uses Kiss to bring it back to her, but this is against the rules and Ermes pays for it literally, as Miraschon uses her Stand, Marilyn Manson to collect $380 worth of money, Ermes' gold tooth, and her liver. Jolyne takes her place and raises the wager, 1,000 catches for all that was taken from Ermes. Jolyne and F.F. throw the ball all while chasing down and defeating Miraschon. Much later F.F. reveals to Jolyne, Ermes' past about her sister Gloria, & her killer Sports Maxx. The two race to find her, only for F.F. to fall victim to Sports Maxx's Stand Limp Bizkit. Later, F.F. heals Ermes & Jolyne, however Ermes' injuries were so severe that she was out of action for a while. F.F. meets Anasui, who is adamant in finding Jolyne, However not for her well-being, but to marry her. As they reach the Punishment Ward, F.F. saves Jolyne from Kenzou and gets into a heated struggle with him. Later, tricked by Pucci, F.F. leads their friends into an ambush and suffers a severe blow to their body, knocking the Foo Fighters Stand disc from their head. Dehydrated and nearing death, F.F was able to hear the dying request from Anasui. He gave them permission to possess his body to pluck Jotaro's memory disk from Pucci, not caring what happened to him as long as Jolyne would be happy. F.F. did pluck Jotaro's memory disk from Anasui's body but refused to possess it. Their spirit (taking on the form of Atroe's body, due to growing accustomed to it) heals Anasui's wounds and thanks Jolyne for being their friend, glad that they met. When Jolyne decided to retrieve the disk to revive her, F.F. declines, saying that they would not be the original one, but another F.F. and disappears into the wind. Foo Fighters appears on the PS3 title as a support character for the Campaign Mode, where they appear and gives the player two choices; Either inflict 150 HP to any boss or gain 1 energy bar of health. Foo Fighters is also the only ally-character from Part 6 who does not appear on any interactive form on the match (Both Anasui and Ermes are playable characters and Weather Report and Emporio appear in stages). Foo Fighters appears in a support card, saying "My healing power can fix you completely, OK?". When applied to the player's team, its members have their HP gradually restored over the course of the fight.

Stand Name: Foo Fighters is a Stand featured in Stone Ocean. Foo Fighters allows bundles of plankton to exist in a humanoid form. It adopts a personality, along with the nickname F.F. ; siding with the allies of the story. Highly intelligent; originally commanded with a task by Enrico Pucci, Jolyne Cujoh helps it to discover a consciousness and identity. Its nickname is "F.F.". It is implied that if the entirety of Foo Fighters' plankton colony is killed and the Stand is reduced back to a DISC, it will lose all of its memories, learned experiences, and identity, once again becoming a mindless Stand when re-introduced to a new plankton colony. Foo Fighters is a unique mix of plankton colony and Stand. It is able in close combat and possesses a set of useful abilities. Although Foo Fighters is particularly resilient to physical attacks, it is very dependent on a constant water supply to keep the colony in water and breaks down the moment it is dehydrated. Foo Fighters' peculiar nature as a sentient colony of plankton gives it several abilities. First and foremost, Foo Fighters' nature means that it has no physical weakness. There is no limb to hurt or vital point to strike in order to kill it and thus it is impervious to conventional attacks. Only by damaging the whole colony can Foo Fighters be threatened. Although fragile individually, the colony can muster enough strength to pry open an automatic door. As a hive mind, Foo Fighters is able to produce sub-bodies by splitting the colony into several like-minded but independent parts. This ability allows Foo Fighters to effectively fight multiple opponents and generally act stealthily in the middle of battle. Even if a large majority of the plankton dies, only one needs to survive in order for Foo Fighters to be able to regenerate. As long as there is water, the plankton colony can rapidly multiply, creating a new part of Foo Fighters rapidly and giving it great regeneration ability. With enough water, Foo Fighters can even cover a whole room and use its mass to attack. It also means that ordinary humans can see the body. On the other hand, Foo Fighters is extremely susceptible to dehydration. If its moisture is sucked away by dry matter, the plankton colony rapidly dies and it will disappear. Foo Fighters thus needs constant access to water in order to survive. By infiltrating someone's body, Foo Fighters can take over their consciousness and have access to their memories. That way, it can wear their skin as a disguise to infiltrate human society. It took over the corpse of Atroe and spends the rest of Stone Ocean impersonating her. It can also shape its host to its liking and contort itself beyond what a human can do. The parasitism allows Foo Fighters to survive without a constant intake of water, but it reduces its agility. Moreover it becomes susceptible to bleeding out and losing the moisture anyway. Foo Fighters can manipulate water to some extent, with enough control to create a square mirror out of one third of a cup of water. Inside a host, Foo Fighters can shoot small parts of itself as if it was using a gun (this is later shown to incorporate pistol parts into its hand). The bits of plankton colony can invade someone's body and take control of it. The shots have enough strength to pierce through skin. The plankton can help seal wounds, preventing someone from bleeding out and potentially saving them from dying.

Stand User: Forever is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. He is a malicious orangutan in DIO's service who confronts the group in the South China Sea aboard a freighter. Said ship happens to be possessed by Forever's Stand: Strength. Forever will sometimes act like a human being. He seems to be attracted to human females - he looks at pornography magazines and seems to lust for Anne. He also smokes cigarettes and can cut his own apples, showing unusually high intelligence for an orangutan. Furthermore, he can read and quickly solve puzzle games, like a Rubik's cube. These human abilities coexist with his brutal animal nature: he plays with his victims, confident of his control over the ship, but should his strong sense of pride be hurt, he loses his calm and quickly becomes violent. His character design is presumably inspired by the super-intelligent yet malicious orangutan from the movie, Link. Like many other Stand Users from Stardust Crusaders, Forever is a henchman of DIO who has been ordered to kill Jotaro and his friends before they reach Egypt, where DIO lurks. Forever's Stand is Strength, sharing its name with the tarot card. In its only display, it transforms a ruined yacht into a massive oil freighter, which the ape can then control at his leisure. Intelligence: Forever is a particularly intelligent orangutan who, though unable to speak human language, can read, solve a Rubik's cube, and generally have coherent thoughts. Intelligence: Forever confronts Jotaro and company at sea between China and Singapore on their way to Egypt, right after the confrontation with the Impostor Captain Tennille. Jotaro, his comrades, and Captain Tennille's seamen approach a large oil carrier and get aboard, only to find out that nobody is on the deck nor in the cabins. The only living being they meet is Forever, a seemingly normal orangutan, lying in his cage. After the death of one of the seamen, caused by the mysterious activation of a mechanical hook, JoJo's group begins to suspect the presence of a Stand user. Attracted to Anne, Forever leaves his cage, kills all of the remaining seamen and ambushes the girl in the shower. He is stopped by Jotaro, only to quickly regain control of the situation by exploiting the fact that Jotaro and the others couldn't imagine the enemy Stand to be the entire ship. Immobilized by the evil primate, Jotaro manages to provoke his opponent by hitting him with a button from his uniform, hurting his pride and getting him in the range of his Star Finger. Caught by surprise by the now unbound Jotaro, Forever begs for mercy. Jotaro refuses the ape's proposal, saying that Forever has rejected the rules of the animal world, becoming just as corrupt as a human being, and kills him with a barrage of Star Platinum's punches. With Forever's death, the ship collapses, returning to the original wrecked boat it was and the heroes are free to continue their journey. In the OVA adaptation, Jotaro remains incapacitated during the fight against Forever. Instead, Polnareff returns after Avdol left him for dead, and proceeds to slice Forever in half with Silver Chariot. The events from Strength occur in a different way. The Stand takes the form of a building instead of a boat, and the battle takes place in Japan instead of Singapore in comparison to the original story. Forever appears as a mini-game boss during the SUPER STORY (featured only on home console releases). His mini-game consists of the player shooting whenever Forever appears on the screen (the shots will represent Star Platinum's Star Finger). For defense, Forever will always throw random stuff at the player, such as fans, pipes or rocks. Anne, the runaway girl, also appears randomly on the screen; if the player hits her by accident, the life bar will be decreased. Both Forever and Strength appear as two of the several characters who possess a Metal Striker in the game. Their FINISH MOVE makes the fan which was on the ship fly and cut the opponent.

Stand Name: Strength is the Stand of Forever, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Disguised as a freighter, Strength is a very powerful Stand bound to take its enemies by surprise and it almost killed the entirety of the Joestar Group at once. However, it is burdened by the cockiness of its user, Forever, who likes to brag and thus expose himself to retaliation. Strength is capable of binding itself to a small boat and transforming it into a gigantic freighter. While Strength is bound to an object, Forever gets unquestionable psychic control over it. Even objects, such as electrical cords, bolts in the hull, and the very floors and walls themselves are bent and twisted to the beck and call of Forever's will. This power can be used to surprise attack those who board the yacht and also allows Forever to travel through the ship's walls and floor as if they were liquid.

Stand User: Pork Pie Hat Kid is a minor antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. Pork Pie Hat Kid is one of Funny Valentine's henchmen and attacks Johnny Joestar and Gyro Zeppeli in the desert to take their Saint Corpse Parts. He also happens to be a Stand User wielding the double hooked Wired. Pork Pie Hat Kid appears to be a goofy and deranged individual. He seems to have little conception of normalcy and shows several disturbing habits. For instance, he has a tendency to eat and drink anything that comes into his view such as the ink of a pen (finding it delicious) or a whole coffee pot, and even wonders if he could eat his broken teeth. He is also shown hitting a bag with a rock to search it instead of opening it. Like any of Valentine's subordinates, he has little problem with using violence and killing his targets. Likewise, his speech reflects his eccentricity as he cannot correctly pronounce Johnny's name and regularly utters the indescribable shout "Gwee-Gachang". Gwee-Gachang His motivation of searching for the Corpse Parts is to get a promotion and be acknowledged as being "invincible and smart", hinting that he is aware that people look down on him and is uncomfortable with it. Despite his quirks, Pork Pie Hat Kid is still shown to be a capable tactician in a Stand fight. Aware of his primary objective of securing the Corpse Parts, he takes the time to analyze the situation and is shown to devise several plans to counter the enemy actions, at one point using Gyro as a bait after having predicted that Johnny would come to save his companion or release Slow Dancer near Johnny to weaponize the horse' instinctual will to go to its rider and then detect the hidden Johnny. Pork Pie Hat Kid possesses a Stand ability named Wired consisting of two hooks coming out of his mouth, which he can freely control and make appears out of the bottom of miscellaneous objects, allowing him to attack his targets from afar. After Fritz von Stroheim's failed assassination attempt, Pork Pie Hat Kid uses Wired to kidnap Gyro along with stealing the duo's luggage and horses, looking for something. Johnny begins to understand that the enemy wasn't trying to kill them to get ahead in the race, but instead was looking for something they have: a mummified hand that entered Johnny's body during their battle against the Boom Boom Family. Even Von Stroheim and Oyecomova were hunting for it. Johnny realizes the enemy can attack from the distance, by transforming objects like feathers and bugs into bait that produces wired hooks with enough strength to lift a horse. Unfortunately, Johnny falls prey to the enemy but just as he is about to give up the corpse, a strange creature emerges from the hand, awakening Johnny's ability to fire his own nails thus attacking Pork Pie Hat Kid. Thanks to Gyro, Johnny finds out the enemy's position and manages to seemingly defeat him. Gyro was however turned into bait, and Pork Pie Hat Kid forces Johnny to give him the corpse, threatening to kill his friend. With the hand obtained, Pork Pie Hat Kid attempts to run away, but to his disadvantage, Gyro had managed to apply the Spin to the corpse's nails, marking Pork Pie Hat Kid's defeat. According to the President's men, Pork Pie Hat Kid did not die, but for the confrontation with Johnny and Gyro, he will remain disabled for the rest of his life.

Stand Name: Wired is the Stand of Pork Pie Hat Kid, featured in Steel Ball Run. Wired's peculiar ability enables the Pork Pie Hat Kid to ambush victims from far away, and the hooks possess enough speed to act faster than the eye can see and enough strength to tear someone apart, making it a rather powerful Stand. The Pork Pie Hat Kid can "send" his two hooks attached to two strong metal cables through a pan of water. The water functions like a portal through which the Pork Pie Hat Kid can observe a limited zone as if peeking from above and if he places an object on the surface, he can send his hooks through said object who will come out of another object of the same kind to pull victims. For instance he can use a bird's feather's to make hooks appear on the underside of the feathers. Pork Pie Hat Kid can also send anything through the object regardless of size, even a horse. Wired's hooks are strong enough to lift a full-grown man and even a horse and may even pull them while leaving items they may carry; the hooks are also fast enough to pull someone faster than they can react, so a distracted Johnny didn't notice Gyro being abducted. There are several limitations to Wired. First, the water surface Pork Pie Hat Kid uses is small and only offers a limited view of his target, thus he may be fooled into making mistakes. Moreover, anyone can use the objects as portals as well, which allowed Johnny to shoot through several feathers to hurt the User.

Stand User: Miuccia Miuller is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. She is the corrections captain of Green Dolphin Street Prison and she clashes with Jolyne Cujoh and Emporio Alniño when she comes to stop Jolyne from breaking out of prison. She is a Stand User and uses Jail House Lock to manipulate the memories of her enemies. Jail House Lock is a humanoid Stand capable of making one or several people able to only memorize three new pieces of information at once, the oldest memory being replaced by the newest memory. Introduced in a way that she appears to be an inmate, Miu Miu is actually the head guard in charge of the visiting room and front gate areas of the Green Dolphin Street Prison sent out to make sure Jolyne Cujoh does not meddle with Enrico Pucci's affairs anymore. Her Stand causes trouble not only for Jolyne, but also for Emporio Alniño, who attempts to contact Jolyne about her true identity as the head guard and is shocked by an outlet several times due to his forgetfulness induced by her Stand's effect. When Jolyne finally remembers to find Emporio, she manages to make Miu Miu out to be her enemy. Unfortunately, Miu Miu sends the guards after her, taking care to send them in squads of more than three to make it more difficult for them to counter her attacks. Right as she is about to get the upper-hand, however, Jolyne defeats her with a series of punches, uses her as a hostage and as a means for them to escape the prison, and escapes with Emporio and Ermes Costello.

Stand Name: Jail House Lock is the Stand of Miu Miu, featured in Stone Ocean. Jail House Lock relies on its power to cripple its enemies and make them unable to perform any complex task. Although it is shown to be able slap Jolyne violently enough to send her into a wall, the memory loss it causes impedes Miu Miu's enemies so much she can directly confront them. Jail House Lock causes its victims to be able to only remember three new pieces of information. Jail House Lock is triggered if someone or their Stand touches the bars or walls beyond the visiting room of Green Dolphin Street Prison, or if Miu Miu sics it on someone. Although they retain all their memories from before the instant it is activated, the victim is now only able to process and remember three new memories and when they learn a fourth "thing", they will forget the first thing they've learned and so on. Several people, up to at least several dozens, can be affected at once. The power is extremely crippling as the victim find themselves distracted by a flow of new information, forgetting to perform any important task like finding Miu Miu to defeat her. Miu Miu herself claims that the continual memory loss eventually destroys its victim's ability to think. Miu Miu also exploits the memory loss to her advantage by distracting her enemies with many information so they completely forget about the actual attack. To limit the effect of Jail House Lock, one can learn a bunch of new facts as a whole, for instance not memorizing individual bullets but looking a the single reflection of the bullets in a mirror.

Stand User: D-I-S-C-O is a minor antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. D-I-S-C-O is one of Valentine's henchmen. He confronts Gyro, separating him from an injured Johnny, near Independence Hall, Philadelphia. He is a Stand User, wielding the gauntlet-like Chocolate Disco. D-I-S-C-O has a rather expressionless face and personality. He is very quiet, speaking only to reveal his Stand's name. It is unknown which kind of relationship he might have with the President: he might be one of his loyal Stand users, though Gyro Zeppeli believes him to know nothing about Valentine's plan. D-I-S-C-O's Stand is Chocolate Disco; a grid he may project over a limited space in front of him wherein he maintains virtually complete control. As soon as the president manages to find the head of the corpse, he decides to take the last missing part from Diego Brando: the left eye. In order to do so, he ambushes Johnny Joestar and tricks Diego and Wekapipo using his Stand's power. While Valentine confronts them, D-I-S-C-O is sent to take care of Gyro Zeppeli in order to prevent him from helping Johnny and the others. D-I-S-C-O skips presentations and immediately activates his Stand's ability. Gyro hears gunshots and rushes to help Johnny. He tells D-I-S-C-O to stand still, but since he doesn't listen to him, Gyro throws a Steel Ball, trying to get rid of him. However, Chocolate Disco changes the Steel Ball's direction, causing it to hit Gyro instead. D-I-S-C-O's next move is letting some nails fall to the ground: he then proceeds to reactivate Chocolate Disco, so that the nails will hit Gyro's leg, preventing him from escaping the Stand's action zone. As finishing move, he breaks some bottles containing a very powerful acid: should the liquid hit Gyro directly through the use of D-I-S-C-O's Stand, it would mean death. Fortunately, Gyro understands that, since he is unable to defeat Chocolate Disco's power, he will try to trick its user instead. D-I-S-C-O becomes unable to discern Gyro's position when the latter uses an "air lens" created due to the heat given off by the Steel Balls' rotation. He manages to confuse D-I-S-C-O about his actual position, and D-I-S-C-O is defeated. However, he refuses to say anything about Funny Valentine's plan and is eventually knocked out by Gyro.

Stand Name: Chocolate Disco is the Stand of D-I-S-C-O, featured in Steel Ball Run. Chocolate Disco functions as a tool which grants D-I-S-C-O great control over flying objects in a large zone. As a result, Gyro Zeppeli is at a disadvantage against him with his Steel Balls. However, its tool-like nature and lack of any way to directly harm someone means that D-I-S-C-O is powerless at close range and relies on using miscellaneous objects he keeps on him to attack. The gauntlet and grid are yellow brownish in the colored manga. When D-I-S-C-O activates Chocolate Disco, a grid with the rows labelled as letters and columns labelled as numbers appear from his feet, covering about twenty feet in front of him. By pressing one or several buttons on the armband, any flying projectile or object can be instantly transported to the corresponding area(s) (e.g. by pressing F5 on the armband, an object is teleported onto the F5 space), falling down. D-I-S-C-O typically makes various harmful objects like nails or acid fall down on his target, and also defends himself from projectiles by teleporting them away from him and into the assailant. The weakness of this ability is that D-I-S-C-O must correctly assert in which coordinates he wants to teleport the flying objects to attack. If he misses, he becomes defenseless at close range.

Stand User: Okuyasu Nijimura is a major ally featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Introduced as an antagonist, Okuyasu soon becomes Josuke Higashikata's best friend. They stay close friends throughout Part 4 and tackle malevolent Stand users together. He is Keicho Nijimura's little brother and also a Stand User wielding the fearsome "The Hand". Okuyasu Nijimura is an impulsive and violent youth with a good heart nonetheless. The word that describes Okuyasu the best could be "childish", as he possesses several traits hinting to a certain immaturity. Okuyasu is a very extroverted and impulsive man, acting by his own words "with his heart". He consistently shows his emotions, which are more extreme than for the average individual, being ecstatic when he is happy, in tears when he is sad, and enraged when angry. Okuyasu frequently acts out of impulses and rarely takes the time to observe or reflect in a fruitful manner. Okuyasu has been known to be "not good at making decisions" and being generally dimwitted, although he has moments of genuine ingenuity. Constant reliance on his big brother Keicho Nijimura and belittling from him made Okuyasu unable to make decisions that do not come out of instinct and is self-conscious about this limitation. This results in him repeatedly and openly stating his lack of intelligence. His inability to think was exploited on three occasions, and during all this, he was easily psyched out by his opponent. However, Okuyasu eventually grows out of it: at the end of the part, when Okuyasu was hanging between life and death, he took the decision to live and saved Josuke. Okuyasu is a very curious person, showing deep interest in any new sight, which has led him toward Tonio Trussardi's restaurant or a crop circle where Mikitaka Hazekura rested. This curiosity extends to having an habit to try to learn the bottom line of anything, notably asking Josuke persistently why he helped heal his wounds when Keicho shot them both and why he couldn't heal his own wounds, which is one of the reasons why he has such difficulties at making decisions when opponents try to manipulate him. Okuyasu also possesses a confrontational and violent side, possibly due to his abusive childhood. On top of being foul-mouthed, he regularly issues threats to those that anger him and has on several occasions hit people out of pure anger, notably Tamami Kobayashi and Shigekiyo Yangu. In battle, Okuyasu is very aggressive and has little qualm using The Hand to lethal goals, although he seldom succeeds in hurting anyone but himself. After Akira Otoishi and Yoshikage Kira murder his brother Keicho and friend Shigekiyo, respectively, Okuyasu shows a desire for vengeance. In fact, Okuyasu is noticeably more serious and cold during these moments of rage, a fact which makes him frightening to those around him. When he first meets Mikitaka, he quickly gets annoyed with him and keeps asking Josuke if he should punch him or kick his ass, with Josuke frequently telling him to calm down. Okuyasu possesses a truly kind and honorable personality, first visible after Josuke healed his wounds; he then helped Josuke save Koichi and tried to reason with his brother over no longer using the Bow and Arrow. He regularly shows great care for his friends and family, caring for his father and tried to end his misery. Though when he learned his father had some humanity left in him, Okuyasu tried to convince his brother to find a way to at least restore their father's memories and personality rather than try to end him. Later on, Okuyasu is never shown hesitating to help a friend in need, notably saving Koichi from many tight spots and helping Josuke throughout his many battles. In addition, despite his confrontational personality, he has been shown to have a good understanding of morality. Okuyasu knew full well his older brother Keicho did a number of awful crimes and despite loving him, he understood that he would be killed by someone someday and deserved to die because his crimes would catch up with him. Okuyasu regularly laments that he doesn't have a girlfriend, being disappointed not to have lived 15 years ago so he would know Reimi Sugimoto, and being mildly jealous of Koichi's relationship with Yukako Yamagishi. He is also mildly stingy, refusing to share his food with Josuke in the Let's Go Out for Italian arc or quietly planning to refuse to lend Josuke money after hearing about how his mother froze his account. In addition, it is implied he is conservative with his money as he tells Josuke after they excitedly win the lottery that he is putting it in savings. He currently only has five to six years of savings which he is living off of. On a side note, he likes Italian stuff and hates spicy food, preferring curry with honey and apples. He also likes choco strawberry cone flavored ice cream. In addition, he cooks at home for his father and him, as stated in Let's Go Italian arc chapter 1. Okuyasu's Stand, The Hand, "cuts" out or "scrapes away" space and replaces it with redistributed neighbouring space, or simply eradicates it. Its ability can also be limited to physical substance removal without outright eliminating the affected space, as seen in a few occasions, functioning identically to Cream's void. Although The Hand is a highly powerful Stand, Okuyasu's slow wits make it so its potential is left unfulfilled. Case in point his first fight has him knock himself out by mistakenly teleporting flower pots into his face. Nonetheless, Okuyasu then shows that he is proficient at wielding his Stand. Okuyasu usually doesn't hesitate to use lethal force by trying to swipe The Hand through an enemy. Moreover, he exploits well the unique properties of his erasure power to teleport in the middle of a battle, surprising Red Hot Chili Pepper that way, and tactically erase space to teleport key objects toward himself and seize them. This illustrates that The Hand can not only erase space that it touches, but it also can dictate how the neighbouring space is joined together. Okuyasu was born the younger brother of Keicho and lived a somewhat impoverished yet happy life with his mother and father. After their mother passed away, Okuyasu's and Keicho's father began possessing more money through a then unknown means, though becoming more cruel and abusive in the process. Eventually, their father had mutated into a horribly deformed and bizarre creature due to DIO's spores when Okuyasu was only fours years old around 1989. Later the two would learn that he had become a pawn of DIO for money. Okuyasu would assist his brother in looking for a way to kill their father and put him out of his misery. The Nijimura brothers use the Bow and Arrow to give themselves Stands, before they begin to use it in order to find a user capable of killing their father. In their search for a Stand capable of killing their father, the Nijimura brothers end up shooting Koichi Hirose, which would later give him his Stand Echoes. This attracts Josuke Higashikata's attention and a confrontation ensues. Okuyasu reveals his Stand, The Hand, and easily comes close to beating Josuke with his ability, but due to not being very bright, he ends up causing his own defeat. Later, Okuyasu attempt to attack Josuke once again ends with him entering the attack range of Keicho's Stand, Bad Company, becoming collateral damage. Josuke heals him, leaving Okuyasu confused as to why. In order to get even with Josuke, he helps him retrieve Koichi, leaving when Josuke is about to fight Keicho. When the battle settles, and Josuke and Koichi come across their father, Okuyasu attempts to persuade his older brother to stop using the Bow and Arrow to make Stand Users. After explaining their story, Keicho is suddenly killed by the Stand Red Hot Chili Pepper, who steals the Bow and Arrow as Okuyasu can do nothing but watch. Although he understood that his brother would not die a peaceful death because of his deeds, Okuyasu is nonetheless left mourning. He later befriends Josuke and Koichi, enrolling in their high school, Budogaoka, and ending up in the same class as Yukako Yamagishi. Okuyasu receives the benefit of Tonio Trussardi's cooking and his Stand Pearl Jam; deeply affected physically and emotionally. As of the visit, Okuyasu is cured of insomnia, two cavities, a stiff left shoulder, and diarrhea. Afterwards, he becomes a regular at the restaurant. Okuyasu sought revenge against the user of the Stand that killed his brother, managing to finally meet Red Hot Chili Pepper in battle. However, due to being outsmarted, Okuyasu is defeated and would have died if it were not for Josuke's intervention. Later, Okuyasu would assist Jotaro Kujo in protecting Josuke's father, Joseph Joestar, on his way to Morioh from Red Hot Chili Pepper, who deemed him a threat to his plans. When Josuke defeats the user, Akira Otoishi, on the docks, Otoishi successfully escapes to the boat, disguising himself as one of the Speedwagon Foundation employees on-board. Okuyasu is left with the decision of figuring out who the Stand user of RHCP is between two men, while the Stand attempts to kill Joseph. Lamenting that his brother was not there to choose for him, Okuyasu spontaneously punches Otoishi in the face, before revealing that he planned on punching the both of them, and is successful in getting his brother's killer arrested. Okuyasu and Josuke confront manga artist Rohan Kishibe and his Stand, Heaven's Door, after learning that he'd been using and slowly killing Koichi. Okuyasu's attempt to beat Rohan fails as him and The Hand end up turned into books, before Rohan orders him to burn himself alive. Okuyasu would have died via self-immolation if Josuke did not come to him and Koichi's aid. The two bear witness as Josuke goes on a rampage, showing a side of him that neither have seen before. Though Rohan would later return as an ally, Okuyasu is left holding him in slight contempt. After Rohan and Koichi meet Reimi Sugimoto, Okuyasu is warned about a killer lurking in town and is incidentally among the first to bump into Yoshikage Kira himself. During this time and the following events surrounding Yoshikage Kira, Okuyasu would strengthen his friendship with Josuke and Koichi. He and Josuke later meet a middle-schooler named Shigekiyo Yangu, or "Shigechi" for short. After a battle over money, the three come to terms. Okuyasu wins a third of five million yen, which he puts in his savings. One day at lunch time, Okuyasu shares a meal with Josuke and Shigechi, not knowing that Kira himself is near and tries to take back his lunch bag because a severed hand is hidden in it. Okuyasu is separated from Shigechi and misses Shigechi's death at the hand of Kira. However, he Okuyasu brings his father and meets the ghost of Reimi Sugimoto in person, along with the rest of those the protagonists had met up until then. Reimi confirms that Shigechi was killed, murdered by the same man who had killed her 15 years prior. Learning this, Okuyasu is left conflicted; Knowing that he had hated Shigechi at one point, he does not know whether to feel sad or angry. Among the whole gathering, he was the first to disperse. Okuyasu is informed by Josuke that Koichi and Jotaro were in trouble at the shop Centipede Shoes, engaged in battle with the 'Stand' of the murder who killed Reimi and Shigechi. When they both hurry over, they find Centipede Shoes in ruins, with Koichi, Jotaro, and another man severely injured, bloody, and unconscious in the street. Okuyasu tends to Koichi and finds that he's still alive, but not breathing, urging Josuke to heal him first. The two notice the third person crawling away, and promptly stop him. Josuke fools the man into revealing himself as the serial killer, before they watch as he has his Stand cut off his own hand and escape. As the four of them give chase using the severed hand, Koichi reveals the murderer's identity as Yoshikage Kira, a well-off office worker of 33. They are led to Salon Cinderella and find Aya Tsuji having been killed, but not before being forced to change Kira's face and fingerprints. Okuyasu's value of friendship is the reason he held a grudge against Kira for murdering Shigechi. In their search for Kira's whereabouts, the group goes to his house and encounters his late father Yoshihiro Kira in the form of his own Stand, Atom Heart Father. However, Okuyasu and Koichi were unable to help Josuke and Jotaro because they were outside of Atom Heart Father's depicted area when the fight ensued. Okuyasu also fought Toyohiro Kanedaichi but was unable to hit him as a result of Super Fly reflecting his attacks. Upon attempting to use The Hand's ability to permanently damage Super Fly, Okuyasu was severely wounded when the attack was returned. Eventually, Okuyasu and Josuke manage to finally meet Yoshikage Kira's new face and engage in one final battle. During the battle, however, Okuyasu seemingly dies after suffering mortal wounds. In a dream, he once again meets with his brother Keicho, who asks Okuyasu where he wants to go. After a brief moment, he answers that he wants "to go back to Morioh", which results in him waking up, recovered from near-death with the assistance of Crazy Diamond. Okuyasu is surprised to see Josuke bloody and crying and continues assisting him in the battle with Kira, before Jotaro, Koichi, and Rohan come upon them. All five of them use their Stands to cripple Kira. As Kira desperately attempted to use his Stand with his broken hand, Okuyasu and others witness an ambulance accidentally crush his head, petrified by the sight. Okuyasu appears at the end to say goodbye to Reimi as she departs for the afterlife, claiming that he will personally be lonely without her (just like Rohan). He is seen eating at Tonio's with Stray Cat and his father, in another attempt to cure his father of his condition. While the attempt fails, Mr. Nijimura feels better, which makes him feel okay. He is later seen telling Koichi and Josuke about a rumor he heard about Rohan getting caught shoplifting at a Kameyu shop. (The information below derives from a Light Novel not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canon.) Okuyasu helps in the investigation of Hanae Orikasa's death. He eventually comes across the killer Takuma Hasumi and chases him to the library, where they engage in battle. Okuyasu's experience and instincts turn out to be useful against the inexperienced Stand user, dealing serious injuries to him, but ends up being defeated regardless. Nonetheless, Okuyasu contributes to Josuke's victory by telling him how the killer fights. Okuyasu makes a brief appearance, hearing Rohan's story about Nanase Kishibe along with Koichi and Josuke. Okuyasu tells Rohan he always reminded him of Mona Lisa and asked for him to imitate her pose for a photo. Rohan leaves to investigate Nizaemon Yamamura's painting without saying anything, making Okuyasu wonder if he insulted him. Okuyasu appears at the end of the story, again enjoying Tonio Trussardi's cuisine. Okuyasu makes his playable debut in the PS3 game, and was confirmed along with Josuke, Jolyne and Ermes. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Okuyasu can turn The Hand on/off, changing movesets, as well as have access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush Since Okuyasu did not fight many enemies during the events of Part 4, his moveset is mostly based on his Stand ability along with his own strong kicks and punches as a "hot headed"-type of character. While The Hand is off: While The Hand is on: Okuyasu's HHA, "Eat it for breakfast, jerk! ", starts with The Hand charging its right hand before wiping out an extremely wide area in front of him. The HHA can hit downed opponents and can be delayed. Its wide horizontal range allows the HHA to hit opponents who attempt to sidestep out of the way. Eat it for breakfast, jerk! Okuyasu's GHA, "All this thinking hurts my brain! ", sends The Hand out to swipe at the opponent with its right hand. If it connects, The Hand repeatedly attacks the opponent with its power at different angles, slowly erasing them from existence. A final, large swipe eliminates the opponent completely as Okuyasu grins, before a random flowerpot flies out of nowhere and hits him square in the face (referencing how Josuke "defeated" him in his introduction chapters) and deals a small sliver of self-damage (making Okuyasu the only character who can damage himself with his GHA in the game). The self-damage is incapable of defeating Okuyasu, and he may recover the lost health over time, but only if he does not receive any more damage during the process. All this thinking hurts my brain! Okuyasu possesses a single alternate costume, based on a moment during the events of the Pearl Jam chapters, where he took his school jacket off, revealing a tank top underneath. Aside from being a playable character, Okuyasu also appears on the "Kira Estate" stage as a background character along with Koichi; This is assuming that Okuyasu himself is not one of the two fighters being played. Okuyasu was confirmed for JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven alongside Rohan, "Kosaku Kawajiri", and Part 4 Jotaro. He forms a special tag team with Josuke. Since most of the game's animation, effects and attacks were reused from All Star Battle, Okuyasu's moveset remains the same; Utilizing The Hand to close the distance between him and his targets, and being a close-ranged combat character in general. As a Stand User, Okuyasu is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. If paired against Vanilla Ice he will mock his Stand name before realizing they have similar abilities. He is paired with Rudol von Stroheim in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Mariah and Esidisi.

Stand Name: The Hand is the Stand of Okuyasu Nijimura, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. The Hand is a heavily battle-oriented Stand. Similarly to Crazy Diamond, The Hand is a powerful short-ranged Stand who can easily wrestle with the former, although it is not as fast. Its unique power of space erasure makes it theoretically one of the strongest Stands of Diamond is Unbreakable, but as Josuke points out, Okuyasu's slow wit dampens its potential. Similar to Cream's, this ability effectively removes whatever is in the Stand's path from existence in accordance with the user's will. Objects that are subjected to the ability appear as if an extremely sharp blade had sliced clean through them. Okuyasu also states that not even he knows where the voided objects go. Whenever The Hand erases something, the voided space is usually immediately filled and "stitched up" by adjacent space and objects, effectively removing any traces of the removed object's existence. The space elimination and this curious property gives the normally short-ranged Stand substantial ranged capabilities, as it can simply remove the space between itself and a target to bring them closer  or have Okuyasu come to them. Okuyasu likes to refer to this technique as "teleportation". However, that last property is not always portrayed as it was shown that The Hand swiping through the ground could leave craters. This power has several weaknesses. Because the elimination is concentrated within The Hand's palm and it must make a swiping motion, it is possible to grab the arm and block it as Crazy Diamond did and for a fast Stand like Red Hot Chili Pepper to evade it.

Stand User: The Eleven Men are an unnamed group of minor antagonists featured in Steel Ball Run. As Funny Valentine's henchmen, they stalk and attack Johnny Joestar and Gyro Zeppeli during the 5th stage of the Steel Ball Run to take their Saint's Corpse parts. They are all Stand Users that share the same Stand, Tatoo You! Not much is known about their personality but they have an uncanny ability to act in unison. They also are ruthless murderers, patiently hunting after Gyro and Johnny then during their fight, using their comrades' corpses a shield. All Eleven Men share the same Stand ability, named Tatoo You! It allows them to use each other's body as portals, allowing them to merge with each other and displace themselves. The eleven men are hired by Funny Valentine after Sandman's defeat. They tailed Gyro and Johnny and proved to be skillful riders and gunmen. The men follow Johnny and Gyro, who are in a rush to spend all that they have gotten from Sugar Mountain, into a bar, where a shootout soon begins. Though they come close to cornering and killing Gyro and Johnny, many of them are killed at the hands of the other gamblers, who Gyro gives several million dollars to kill the men. Upon leaving the bar, Johnny sees that Gyro is becoming part of the tree that imprisoned Sugar Mountain and had to give up the last item in order to avoid the curse. Johnny seeing his friend plead continued to hold on to the Corpse Part, refusing to give up something so valuable, and at the end saw Gyro lost to the tree's curse. It was then that the last of the eleven made a trade with Johnny: a wine bottle for the ears and the right arm that Johnny and Gyro discovered. Still doubting Johnny's reasons for the exchange and expecting an attack, he then rides away to deliver the corpse parts to the President.

Stand Name: Tatoo You! is the Stand of the Eleven Men, featured in Steel Ball Run. Tatoo You! functions as an ability shared between the Eleven Men, greatly enhancing their teamwork and defense. This Stand is unique in that eleven individuals share it. A description theorizes that there is a leader, but it is unknown who it could be. Tatoo You! allows the Eleven Men to phase into each other by using the tattoos on their backs as portals, then reappearing through the tattoos at will. The men can exist in the same spot all at once, appearing as if they are merged together. It allows the men to hide inside each other in order to avoid attacks. Even if a member of the group dies with companions inside, those inside the tattoos are unharmed and can move the bodies to position themselves to attack.

Stand User: The Shakedown Road is a neighborhood in Morioh where the residents are known for extorting visitors. Strange events take place there due to the effects of a Stand. Shakedown Road The effects that happen to the victims in Shakedown Road strangely resemble those of the scams used by Tamami Kobayashi in that the victim is presumably set up as the perpetrator of some wrongdoing and forced to hand over his/her money as a result. It seems that the leaves on the ground of a Ginkgo biloba are the cause of such exploits. When a person steps on or an object is placed on the leaves, a group of countless ladybug-like Stands move them around instantaneously, usually causing the person to accidentally break something.

Stand Name: Les Feuilles is a Stand belonging to the Gingko biloba trees located in Shakedown Road, featured in JoJolion. Les Feuilles are an unusual Stand in that they have no real user, and anyone is free to use them if they know how to. They do not have any combat ability whatsoever, but are extremely useful to the denizens of "Shakedown Road" in order to set up crimes. Les Feuilles hide under the fallen gingko leaves on the road and promenade. If enough leaves connect to form a path, anything and anyone that touches the leaves is instantly transported from one end of the path to the other. The transportation is incredibly fast, at least faster than the eye can see. Moreover, should someone unaware of the Stand step on the leaves, they can get transported without their knowledge. However, a camera may be fast enough to record the phenomenon. While an object is transported, it is possible to intercept it by stepping on the taken path, thus cutting it and making the object appear at the feet. The people of Shakedown Road typically set up paths to cause an unaware sucker to damage a possession and then pressure the victim to give money as compensation. Les Feuilles can also be used to stealthily transport objects. Someone used to Shakedown Road may expertly use the leaves to transport themselves at high speed, for instance three thugs could catch up to Joshu despite a considerable headstart.

Stand User: The A. Phex Brothers are minor antagonists featured in JoJolion. The twin brothers are Rock Humans belonging to the Rokakaka Organization as assassins. They hunt down Karera Sakunami for her knowledge concerning the Rokakaka and clash with Josuke Higashikata. They are both Stand Users who wield their Schott Key No.1 and Schott Key No.2 in unison. The pair share a duality described as harmonious with one another, being based on the Japanese concept of 'A-un', which explains the connected nature of opposites and their seemingly contradictory similarities. Aside from that, the elder of the two brothers seems to be the one in charge, and was the only one to speak at first, but the younger brother speaks as well later on. The elder brother is the one who communicates with the policemen in place of his brother and the one who displays a Stand power; his brother however would later reveal he also possessed a Stand - hidden in his soccer ball bag. The younger brother is more reserved, preferring to let his older brother do most of the talking. The younger brother also has a habit of kicking around his Stand's container and performing tricks with it, not unlike, and in the guise of, a soccer player. The elder of the two brothers has utilized his Stand, Schott Key No. 1, on multiple occasions and it has become apparent that the function of his power is to shift objects touched with his left hand to the stub on his right; wherein he can manipulate the way it materializes for a variety of strategic advantages. The first example of this is shown during the confrontation between the brothers and a pair of police officers who attempt to ascertain the identity of the brothers. Objects transported in this fashion will seem to break down and crumble while the material reassembles on the other end. Schott Key No. 1 The younger brother's Stand, Schott Key No. 2, possesses the ability to release potentially fatal toxic gas whenever the Stand's container is opened. Its effect induces a bloody cough when inhaled, and quickly corrodes skin that comes in contact with it. The gas can be transported by Schott Key No. 1 to give the elder brother a deadly technique in combat. Schott Key No. 2 While similar to a human's, their bodies can presumably change into rock. Because of this, they do not need to sleep or rest. They can mimic rocks to the point that it makes them indistinguishable from them. Norisuke theorizes that Yotsuyu's physiology requires him to have at least a small amount of skin respiration and in the absence of such his body structure will begin to break down due to it becoming less structurally stable than an ordinary human's. This could be a trait shared by other Rock humans, including the A. Phex Brothers. The younger brother demonstrates versatile and dynamic control of his soccer ball common of experts, capable of moving it between his legs and head effortlessly and kicking it with enough force and power that it could be considered an attack of its own. The A. Phex Brothers were born as nameless Rock Humans, and subsequently took their names from normal humans. At one point in their lives, they became assassins for the Rokakaka Organization. On August 19, 2011, the A. Phex Brothers were sent to assassinate Josefumi Kujo and Yoshikage Kira. Although they found the duo, Josefumi defeated the both of them and pummelled them down a cliff before he was buried alongside Kira. They were subsequently sent on Karera Sakunami's trail, chasing her for six months. The pair are first observed performing tricks with a soccer ball in the streets of Morioh as Josuke and Karera walk on, to the amazement of the gathering crowd. As Josuke and Karera walk away from the ATM, the brothers can be seen questioned by a pair of policemen as to the strange nature of their ball and what one officer perceives to be a rock held in the hand of the older brother. After he demonstrates his ability in subduing the policemen, dialogue exchanged between the two brothers suggests that they have been hunting Karera and are surprised she has lasted this long. Searching the streets for people who have come into contact with Karera, they eventually run into her and Josuke when the pair are nearing Kira's apartment, and the younger brother acts as a distraction while the other grabs Karera from behind and uses his ability to transport the fuel in a car's tank all over her, proceeding to set her ablaze if not for the intervention of Josuke's Soft & Wet. At the realization that Josuke appears to be a more pressing threat they decided to prioritize him as their target while allowing Karera to escape, more fixated on discovering the identity of the strange and powerful man who also has ties to the Rokakaka fruits. The two gang up on Josuke but Karera returns and sets both of them on fire. They die, as the upper halves of their bodies turn to stone and crumble away.

Stand Name: Schott Key No.1 is the Stand of the elder A. Phex Brother, featured in JoJolion. Schott Key No. 1 is an ability Stand and thus has no physical power to speak of. Although its power may be useful in close combat, it has limited offensive ability, the elder A. Phex brother relies on the environment or Schott Key No.2 to be able to attack and is defenceless against other conventional Stands. Schott Key No.1 allows the elder A. Phex brother to transfer objects he touches with his left hand to be transferred to the rocky stub where his right hand used to be. The objects transferred between hands seem to crumble away like rock and recomposes near the right stub, enabling the elder to slightly displace objects. Schott Key No. 1 is able to transfer anything regardless of physical state: it could transfer a metal handcuff, a hand (indirectly forcing the arm to move), liquid gas, wires, or even gazes. The elder brother can make is so the transferred object materializes in a manner advantageous to him, for instance causing straight wires to appear directly binding an enemy. The elder may perform a combination attack with his younger brother's Stand Schott Key No.2, putting his left hand inside the soccer ball to transfer Schott Key No.2's toxic gas through his hand.

Stand User: Mikitaka Hazekura is a supporting character appearing in Diamond is Unbreakable; featuring primarily in the arcs I Am an Alien and Let's Live on a Transmission Tower. With Stand-like powers, Mikitaka professes to be of extraterrestrial origin; a claim of which the validity is never fully examined. His shapeshifting ability is named Earth Wind and Fire. Mikitaka is otherwise a calm and pleasant person, not hesitating to risk his life to save his friends and more than willing to return favors. His kindness is seen first when he thanks Okuyasu and Josuke for their handkerchiefs by giving them two ice-creams (fabricated with the flesh of his own hands). Mikitaka has an odd quirk where he detests the sound of sirens. Hearing just one causes him to writhe in agony and his skin to turn red, while desperately trying to find some way to escape it. Designated as the effect of a Stand-like power named Earth, Wind and Fire; Mikitaka may transform any part of or his entire body into almost any object, as long as the object isn't too complex, creates more power than Mikitaka could, or involves a human face because Mikitaka cannot fake a face, finding humans too similar between themselves to care. While looking for more people to transform into Stand users in order to protect his son, Yoshihiro Kira was guided by the Arrow into piercing its sixth target Mikitaka. However, the Arrow didn't pierce him perfectly, bouncing off of his neck instead and leaving the boy with just a scratch. The following morning, Josuke Higashikata and Okuyasu Nijimura discover a series of mystery circles in the middle of a crop field: half-buried in the crop of the larger central circle lies Mikitaka. He is wakened up by Josuke and Okuyasu's arrival and his strange personality is immediately revealed: instead of introducing himself, he asks if he is currently on planet Earth and claims to be an alien. The protagonists think he's just kidding, but when he eats Josuke's handkerchiefs and pulls two frozen ice-creams out of his bag, they realize there's something strange about him. He finally reveals his name to be Nu Mikitakazo Nshi, a 216-year-old space pilot. He says his planet lies within the Magellanic clouds and is slowly dying, and that he came to Earth to see if it was a nice planet and if its inhabitants were friendly. As a fire truck passes by, its noise causes Mikitaka to experience a violent skin reaction. He begs Josuke to take him away, revealing his transformation power for the first time. Nu Mikitakazo Nshi Josuke, now believing Mikitaka to be an alien, asks him to return the favor, by exploiting the alien's ability and making him assume the shape of three dice. The two new friends then play dice with Rohan Kishibe in order to cheat some free cash out of him. Despite the mangaka's suspicions and Mikitaka's discomfort, Rohan remains unable to figure out Josuke's trickery as the game is slowly ending. Only then sirens start ringing nearby, which immediately sends both Josuke and Mikitaka into a panic as the latter begins to disorientate due to his circumstance. It was found out that the sirens are in fact triggered by the fire at Rohan's house, as it is started by the magnifying glass he had carelessly tossed away earlier after examining the dice. This creates a distraction which Josuke uses to withdraw from the match and run away, bringing Mikitaka along with him, thus leaving the game unfinished. Later on when they are running (away from Rohan), Mikitaka asks Josuke about whether or not he was able to be help of him during the game, to which Josuke, out of frustration, responds by telling him to shut up. The following day, Josuke meets Mikitaka's supposed mother, who reveals that they had to move from Tokyo because of her son's obsession with aliens. Mikitaka, on the other hand, explains Josuke that his "mother" is just a human woman he hypnotized to make her believe he is her son. He then departs with his mother to do the paperwork for his school transfer, leaving Josuke and Yoshihiro Kira, who is observing nearby, extremely confused about Mikitaka's real identity. Later in the story, Josuke and Okuyasu meet Mikitaka again, staring at an abandoned telephone tower while assuming the form of a pair of binoculars. After a short exchange of words, Mikitaka expresses that he found the tower unnatural and was waiting there in order to show them, which upon closer inspection it turns out to be true as there is smoke coming out from it. Mikitaka then returns into this binoculars form to help Josuke and Okuyasu investigate the tower, only to find out there is actually a person living up there in a seemingly self-sustainable fashion complete with various furniture, a set of essential installments and a farm field for herbs and vegetables. The mysterious person notices the three and introduces himself as the tower's legal owner, stating that he has been living on it the past 3 years as his home. Although initially approaching the tower with suspicion, Josuke drops his guard down upon seeing Yoshihiro Kira there and recklessly enters the tower despite Okuyasu and even the tower's owner, Toyohiro Kanedaichi's warning. It is then quickly revealed that Toyohiro and Yoshihiro are in fact, allied in a scheme of bringing Josuke into Super Fly's prison and Toyohiro's previous attitude was all an act. The tower's owner immediately makes his escape through climbing the unused electrical cable, but thanks to Mikitaka, who transformed into the cable, secretly replaces the one which Toyohiro is climbing and thus, he is able to stop the tower owner's "Old Maid" plan and bring him back into the tower, freeing Josuke. However, Toyohiro exploits his Stand's property of force reflection to trap and pinning Mikitaka onto the tower, thus resuming his escape. Josuke attempts to help but is stopped by Mikitaka, saying that he is fine with being left there as he wishes to repay for accidentally dragging the duo with him into this situation by asking them to investigate the tower in the first place. Nevertheless, Josuke enters and challenges Toyohiro in a duel. After a fierce battle, Toyohiro is defeated. He confesses that he really meant no ill will as he really just desires to get out of the prison his own Stand locks him into, which leads him to be easily manipulated into cooperation by Yoshihiro Kira. Toyohiro has since then changed his mind and decided to not leave the tower ever again, releasing the three as well as offers them wound treatment and food. After Toyohiro's defeat, Mikitaka only reappears at the end of Part 4 with the other protagonists to say goodbye to Reimi. Mikitaka's powers seem more likely to be the result of a Stand ability bound to his body (like Yellow Temperance or Khnum) than an alien nature, but behaving as if he has always possessed them, doubt is cast on the otherwise reliable touch of the Arrow. An enigmatic character, Mikitaka's true nature is never revealed by Araki, and evidence exists for both an alien and human nature.

Stand Name: Earth Wind and Fire is the name of Mikitaka Hazekura's power, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. It is currently unknown if Earth Wind and Fire is a Stand or an alien ability due to the mysterious origins surrounding its user Mikitaka. Like all abilities directly conferring supernatural powers to their users, Earth Wind and Fire doesn't actually possess a physical form: instead, it is bound to its user's body. As a result of Mikitaka's self-proclaimed alien identity, there is speculation regarding the true nature of Earth Wind and Fire and its origin. Due to the circumstances surrounding Mikitaka and the author's own purposeful ambiguity, it is currently unknown if it is an alien ability or a Stand. Mikitaka's Earth Wind and Fire is a harmless shapeshifting power whose usefulness is mitigated by Mikitaka's eccentricity. Earth Wind and Fire allows Mikitaka to transform into any object. When transforming, Mikitaka decomposes himself into a cluster of strips of an unidentified substance before recomposing himself into one or several objects of his choosing, replicating their appearance, weight, and texture. More importantly, Mikitaka's own ignorance about Earth and human society signifies that he has no idea how he is supposed to act, and when transformed can easily act suspicious. Earth Wind and Fire seems able to combine its strength with those of other people: when Mikitaka turned into sneakers for Josuke to wear, he notes that their strength combined is what made them able to move so fast. Earth Wind and Fire's power may imply that Mikitaka can regenerate, as when he transforms part of his hands into ice-creams and separates them from his body, he is neither harmed nor anything is missing from his hands later.

Stand User: Johnny Joestar is the protagonist of Steel Ball Run and a minor character in JoJolion. He is the seventh JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. His real name is Jonathan Joestar. A former horse-racing prodigy turned paraplegic, Johnny joins the SBR race to find out the secret behind Gyro Zeppeli's Steel Balls as they're the only thing capable of healing his legs. Over the course of the race, Johnny becomes both a Spin User and a Stand User when he acquires Tusk. Johnny is a young man of below-average height and slim to medium build. He has light eyes, and light, shoulder-length hair curling upwards at its ends. Johnny always wears a knit cap, printed with many small five-pointed stars. His hair sticks out of holes on either side of the top, taking a shape like short horns. A horseshoe hangs from the front; framing an image of the dark silhouette of the profile of a horse's reared head. Johnny wears similarly star-patterned pants; of a piece with footwear bearing spurs. He commonly wears a light-colored, hooded, short-sleeved top; printed with thick lines in the approximate formation of a harness (later, with patches in the shape of hearts adorning both shoulders). A long feather (bordered by black with one black spot at its tip) emerges from under the back of his collar; and he wears wrist cuffs patterned with stars and stripes. In cold weather, Johnny wears a longer-sleeved top of a similar design. His collar is outlined with fur, and he keeps several feathers at his back. As a paraplegic, before the beginning of the race he is seen using a wheelchair; but during, he is usually mounted on his horse, Slow Dancer. During the course of the series, Johnny gradually changes into a more realistic appearance; with slightly wavy hair and a slightly fuller build. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Johnny Joestar is a depressive ex-jockey, who clings to his hope of regaining the use of his legs through the Spin and then the Corpse Part throughout Steel Ball Run. Johnny is introduced as a distant paraplegic man whose career was ruined when he was shot in the spine after conceitedly antagonizing a passerby. After Johnny witnesses Gyro's Steel Balls and Spin, and how they enabled him to stand up on his feet for a moment, he becomes determined to follow him and make him teach the Spin, then after discovering the Corpse Part making his legs twitch, to acquire them. Johnny stubbornly follows his intentions of following Gyro then track the Corpse. Disregarding the risks or the consequences, Johnny focuses on his goal and puts it above anything else. Several times Johnny endured severe wounds in order to reach his goals, notably trying to get on his horse Slow Dancer which earned him many bruises and a wooden shard through the leg; despite his repeated failures his determination at participating in the race didn't waver. Inversely, Johnny has no qualm being violent or killing his opponents to get the Corpse Parts. Gyro Zeppeli has mentioned that Johnny had "dark determination" in his eyes indicating a ruthlessness which would make Johnny able to kill in cold-blood. This amoral selfishness still extends to the interest of his loved ones and followed him during his whole life, demonstrated years after the Steel Ball Run, as when his wife Rina was struck with the Rock Disease, Johnny then stole the Corpse to beg it to transfer the disease away from her, not caring who would receive it and suffer in her stead. Yet Johnny isn't completely amoral, for instance objecting to involve the defenceless Lucy Steel in their struggle for the Corpse and ultimately taking the Rock Disease for himself to save his son. During Steel Ball Run, Johnny was burdened by depression and a subsequent lack of confidence. Notably calling himself a useless person, Johnny's bleak outlook of life stemmed from his youth. During his childhood, Johnny was a timid yet kind child, adopting a wild mouse and calling it Danny. Though he was afraid of his harsh father George Joestar, he would try to live up to his expectations. Johnny idolised his older brother Nicholas but when he died, falling from a horse which was seemingly startled by Danny, Johnny became guilt-ridden, believing that his brother's death was his own fault and that he should have died instead. He then believed throughout the years that Fate itself was taking revenge on him for his crime and that every misfortune he received was in fact deserved. It resulted in his obsession with the blessing of the Corpse which would reset his karma to a neutral state of "zero" as opposed to the "negative" state of his curse. It also explains Johnny's rampant lack of confidence and near constant bouts of panic as he thought that Fate could at any moment take away his hope of acquiring the Corpse. In addition, when his father disowned him, Johnny, shocked, shut himself off, creating a facade of conceitedness to hide the sadness this rejection caused him. Johnny's perspective improved greatly upon meeting Gyro Zeppeli. Having met someone who gave him hope and was genuinely nice to him, Johnny felt grateful for meeting the Italian executioner and treasured this relationship, at one point being willing to abandon the Corpse Parts he had to save his friend. Gyro repeatedly knocked Johnny out of his lack of confidence and helped him get the Corpse Parts, giving him assurance and optimism in life. As reflected in the multiple ACTs of his Stand Tusk, the improvement was gradual, the key steps of his progress being Johnny discovering the Corpse (ACT 1), then standing up for himself against Soundman (ACT 2), symbolically cleansing himself of his guilts against Axl Ro and being blessed by Jesus-Christ's apparition (ACT 3) and finally acquiring the Corpse and regaining the use of his legs (ACT 4). Although Gyro died, Johnny kept a good memory of everything that happened. If during the race, Johnny was uncaring of everyone else save himself and Gyro, only maintaining a polite but cold demeanour at best toward the people he met, Gyro's influence made Johnny slightly more friendly toward people, culminating in his marriage with Rina Higashikata. In JoJolion, a flashback shows that Johnny maintained that happiness during his life with Rina. Araki personally liked the Jonathan–Zeppeli relationship from Phantom Blood and wanted to retell it again for a longer coming-of-age story. He chose to make Johnny and Gyro around the same age so they could be less formal and more friendly than their original counterparts similar to the Joseph-Caesar relationship from Battle Tendency. Gyro's random jokes and Johnny's use of his spinning nails to accomplish trivial tasks were included to reflect this concept. Johnny first seeks Gyro Zeppeli's tutelage in the ways of the Spin in order to regain the use of his legs. Most often, Johnny channels the Spin by the use of his Stand, Tusk; developed first with the power of the Corpse's left hand, and further with Gyro's help. Its form varies, depending on the sort or style of Spin Johnny chooses to employ. Johnny Joestar is the protagonist of Steel Ball Run and a minor character in JoJolion. He is the seventh JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. His real name is Jonathan Joestar. Johnny Joestar Jonathan Joestar A former horse-racing prodigy turned paraplegic, Johnny joins the SBR race to find out the secret behind Gyro Zeppeli's Steel Balls as they're the only thing capable of healing his legs. Over the course of the race, Johnny becomes both a Spin User and a Stand User when he acquires Tusk. Johnny Joestar is a depressive ex-jockey, who clings to his hope of regaining the use of his legs through the Spin and then the Corpse Part throughout Steel Ball Run. Johnny is introduced as a distant paraplegic man whose career was ruined when he was shot in the spine after conceitedly antagonizing a passerby. After Johnny witnesses Gyro's Steel Balls and Spin, and how they enabled him to stand up on his feet for a moment, he becomes determined to follow him and make him teach the Spin, then after discovering the Corpse Part making his legs twitch, to acquire them. During Steel Ball Run, Johnny was burdened by depression and a subsequent lack of confidence. Notably calling himself a useless person, Johnny's bleak outlook of life stemmed from his youth. During his childhood, Johnny was a timid yet kind child, adopting a wild mouse and calling it Danny. Though he was afraid of his harsh father George Joestar, he would try to live up to his expectations. Johnny idolised his older brother Nicholas but when he died, falling from a horse which was seemingly startled by Danny, Johnny became guilt-ridden, believing that his brother's death was his own fault and that he should have died instead. He then believed throughout the years that Fate itself was taking revenge on him for his crime and that every misfortune he received was in fact deserved. It resulted in his obsession with the blessing of the Corpse which would reset his karma to a neutral state of "zero" as opposed to the "negative" state of his curse. It also explains Johnny's rampant lack of confidence and near constant bouts of panic as he thought that Fate could at any moment take away his hope of acquiring the Corpse. In addition, when his father disowned him, Johnny, shocked, shut himself off, creating a facade of conceitedness to hide the sadness this rejection caused him. Johnny's perspective improved greatly upon meeting Gyro Zeppeli. Having met someone who gave him hope and was genuinely nice to him, Johnny felt grateful for meeting the Italian executioner and treasured this relationship, at one point being willing to abandon the Corpse Parts he had to save his friend. Gyro repeatedly knocked Johnny out of his lack of confidence and helped him get the Corpse Parts, giving him assurance and optimism in life. As reflected in the multiple ACTs of his Stand Tusk, the improvement was gradual, the key steps of his progress being Johnny discovering the Corpse (ACT 1), then standing up for himself against Soundman (ACT 2), symbolically cleansing himself of his guilts against Axl Ro and being blessed by Jesus-Christ's apparition (ACT 3) and finally acquiring the Corpse and regaining the use of his legs (ACT 4). Although Gyro died, Johnny kept a good memory of everything that happened. If during the race, Johnny was uncaring of everyone else save himself and Gyro, only maintaining a polite but cold demeanour at best toward the people he met, Gyro's influence made Johnny slightly more friendly toward people, culminating in his marriage with Rina Higashikata. In JoJolion, a flashback shows that Johnny maintained that happiness during his life with Rina. Araki personally liked the Jonathan–Zeppeli relationship from Phantom Blood and wanted to retell it again for a longer coming-of-age story. He chose to make Johnny and Gyro around the same age so they could be less formal and more friendly than their original counterparts similar to the Joseph-Caesar relationship from Battle Tendency. Gyro's random jokes and Johnny's use of his spinning nails to accomplish trivial tasks were included to reflect this concept. Johnny first seeks Gyro Zeppeli's tutelage in the ways of the Spin in order to regain the use of his legs. Most often, Johnny channels the Spin by the use of his Stand, Tusk; developed first with the power of the Corpse's left hand, and further with Gyro's help. Its form varies, depending on the sort or style of Spin Johnny chooses to employ. Tusk

Stand Name: Tusk is the Stand of Johnny Joestar, featured in Steel Ball Run. Tusk takes various forms, or "ACT"s. Like other Stands such as Dragon's Dream or Cinderella, Tusk's abilities are intimately linked with a supernatural phenomenon inherent to the world of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, namely the Spin. Initially named "Tusk" as it was the first form that Johnny sees, Tusk ACT1 is the Stand's base form. It is referred to as the guardian of the Left Arm of the Saint's Corpse. Tusk ACT1 possesses sentience separate from Johnny, as it is the guardian of the Left Arm. It decides to appear to Johnny and independently help him. ACT1 occasionally produces the sound "chumimi~in". Despite having a corporeal form, Tusk's power functions as a supernatural ability that Johnny must use personally to fight like a gunman. Tusk ACT1 is overall quite weak and isn't sufficient to challenge most Stand users. Tusk ACT1 grants Johnny the ability to imbue his nails with the Spin. Johnny is able to make his fingernails, and later toenails, spin themselves at a high velocity and shoot them like bullets up to 10 meters. The nails have incredible cutting power, capable of slicing through rock, cutting limbs clean off, or carving a tree into a humanoid shape within seconds. However, they do not possess the power to cut through metal. Once Johnny shoots a fingernail, they take a short time to grow back. Occasionally, Johnny lets the nails stay on his fingers. When he puts the nails against the ground, their rotating movement can rapidly carry Johnny away from his current position. He can also use his nails as short-range cutting weapons. The spinning nails emit a faint buzzing sound, similar to that of a wasp, according to Oyecomova. During the second stage of the Steel Ball Run, Johnny and Gyro traversed a Devil's Palm without knowing it and the Corpse's Left Arm fused with Johnny not noticing. Later against the Boom Boom Family, Johnny awakened his Stand Tusk, which enabled him to defeat Benjamin Boom Boom and L. A. Boom Boom. Tusk ACT1 first appears to Johnny later during the second stage to inform him of the location of the Saint's Corpse's Eyes and briefly help him against Wired, spinning his toenails and allowing Johnny to deduce the true nature of the Steel Ball Run. Tusk ACT2 is the first evolved form of Tusk, accessed when Johnny makes progress in the technique of the Spin and uses the Golden Rectangle. With an enhanced destructive power and new properties to its nail bullets, Tusk ACT2 is a direct upgrade to ACT1. It allows Johnny to fare better in combat but limits the number of nails at his disposition. Once Johnny learns to imbue his fingernails with the Spin, in accordance with the Golden Rectangle, it greatly enhances the basic properties of his shots. When Johnny activates Tusk, the fingernails now rotate around his fingers like axes. Thus, when he shoots the fingernails, they possess a drilling property, which dramatically increases the power of the shots. For instance, one shot is able to blast away a large zone on impact. On the downside, the nails regrow considerably slower, and as such, Johnny must save his nails or he will find himself out of ammunition. In addition to the damage boost, the nail shots gain a new property: after they hit a target, they disappear and leave a black hole. These same holes created through the rotation can automatically chase after any target designated by Johnny in case he misses, leaving a dark trail behind them. When they manage to touch the enemy, the holes destroy them by tearing into vitals. The holes shrink and disappear after a while. When Johnny shoots a fingernail with aureal rotation, the fingernail takes several minutes to grow back; however, Johnny discovers that by munching herbs or drinking tea, among others mint and chamomile, he can accelerate the growing process. Like with Tusk ACT1, Johnny can keep the nails spinning around his fingers without actually firing them. He is mostly seen using this for mundane tasks like brushing his teeth, grating cheese and wrapping spaghetti around his fingers. Because of their nature, Funny Valentine cannot use Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap to send the holes into a parallel dimension. It is explained that the holes are by definition void and there isn't anything to send away. Johnny unlocks Tusk ACT2 when Gyro teaches him about the Golden Rectangle. Aided by his newfound power, Johnny defeats Sandman; yet soon after, Hot Pants intervenes, knocks him out, and steal his Corpse Part except for a single vertebra. Manga Debut: SBR Chapter 59, A Dream of Gettysburg Manga Debut Tusk ACT3 is the second evolution of Tusk, unlocked when Johnny witnesses Jesus counseling him and finds a renewed resolve in life. Tusk ACT3 doesn't display any noticeable personality trait other than muttering its characteristic "chumim~in" sound. Although functionally identical to Tusk ACT2, Tusk ACT3 involves Johnny directly exploiting the holes to reposition himself during a battle and increase his options. Tusk ACT3 still possesses all the abilities and limitations of ACT2. By shooting himself with a Spin-imbued fingernail with aureal rotation, Johnny is able to suck his body into the hole it creates. The hole created by the nail shot, specifically the infinitely small rotating point at the end of the hole, becomes a special space which, due to the infinite proportion of Johnny's spin, is also infinite and becomes a wormhole through space. A tailpiece theorizes the space as a boundary between dimensions. Johnny alone can enter that "location" and anything other than him will be cut. This ability is limited by how long the holes can persist in the world. By moving the hole while his body is inside, Johnny is able to quickly reposition himself or key parts of him, such as his shooting hands, and attack from unexpected angles. Because the hole functions as a wormhole, anything sent into it will exit through the other end, although it will be severed. This includes enemy attacks. Gyro deems this ability a new level of mastery over the Spin that even the Zeppeli Family hasn't accessed with their Steel Balls. During the fight against the Stand, Civil War, Johnny, in a moment of deep crisis, sees Jesus, who gives him the hint that leads him to discover the third form of Tusk. Tusk ACT4 is the highest evolution of Tusk, accessed only when Johnny uses the Golden Spin. Occasionally vocalizing ACT1's "chumimi~in", ACT4 punches while inciting Johnny's expression of the Kujo family's "ORA ORA ORA" Stand Cry. The principle behind Tusk ACT4 derives from the use of the Golden Spin, which requires Johnny to make his horse run in its "natural state". By doing so, the horse produces rotational energy in the form of the Golden Rectangle and by combining it with Tusk, Johnny is able to release infinite rotational energy. He can, however, shortcut the process as a last-ditch effort, using a Steel Ball to temporarily galvanize his horse's movement. Tusk ACT4 is thus one of the most powerful Stands in the series due to the infinite energy behind it but is incredibly difficult to deploy as a trade-off. Otherwise, Tusk ACT4 displays the physical abilities of a close-range Stand and is able to pummel Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap. Tusk ACT4 embodies the infinite energy and rotation of the Golden Spin and is able to deploy it in various ways. Following the principle of the Golden Spin, the energy wielded and embodied by Tusk ACT4 is infinite, allowing a wide array of otherwise impossible feats. One of the first abilities displayed by Tusk ACT4 is to be able to break through the dimensional barrier of Love Train and enter the space in which Valentine hides. Moreover, Tusk ACT4 defies the laws of gravity and therefore can move slightly and probably still influence Diego during the stopped time. The damage caused by the rotation is stated to be probably infinite as well. Like with ACT2 and ACT3, the energy of the Spin can persist inside objects even if Johnny misses a nail shot, and can be redirected toward a target. If ACT4 touches someone, it imbues the target with an infinite spinning motion. Not only does part of the body separate to spin, everything down to individual cells spin on themselves, greatly distorting the shape of the victim. Eventually, the targets are disintegrated by the rotation and according to Diego, sent to another dimension. The Spin goes on forever and never leaves the person or their Stand, forcing them to return to the place where they were hit or its equivalent in each parallel dimension, thus Funny Valentine was not able to escape it despite switching dimensions and/or bodies, always returning to the underground location in which he was hit. If someone uses a tool, like a carriage, to get away from the location, the Spin will imbue itself into the tool and destroy it, forcing the target back into their location. The rotation won't end unless Johnny shoots the target with a similar rotation that is spinning in the opposite direction, resulting in the two of them canceling each other out. Tusk ACT4 can also apply the Spin's energy in a more similar fashion to its previous forms and directly open a large space where there was none, as was shown in Johnny's battle with Diego Brando during which the Stand physically tears open a hole through the ground and enters the sewers with his horse. The Spin is also transferable between objects, as the Diego Brando from another universe cut his leg off and threw it to Johnny, transferring the infinite rotation to its user. Another example is when Funny Valentine went into a passing car trying to escape from Tusk; the infinite rotation destroyed the car near-instantaneously and returned to Valentine. Johnny unlocks Tusk's fourth and final form after receiving Gyro's fifth lesson, achieving it after Gyro dies.

Stand User: Carne is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. As a member of Passione and by extension the Boss' Unità Speciale, he is sent on a suicide mission to kill Team Bucciarati and Trish Una. Although he dies, his now-invincible Stand Notorious B.I.G continues to exist and attacks the gang on their way to Sardinia. While Carne displays no personality before his death, it can be assumed that he was loyal to Diavolo enough to give his life for him. As he approaches Team Bucciarati with no visible weapons and a self-assuring smile, he was likely dispatched as a suicide bomber of sorts. Notorious B.I.G is a strange Stand fueled by its user's hate, not unlike Ebony Devil; as such, its true power is only revealed when the user dies. At this point, it transforms into an autonomous, completely indestructible blob-like creature that attacks the fastest-moving object in its vicinity and devours anything it can to grow. Carne was sent out by the Boss to fight Bucciarati's team, confronting them at an airport as the team tries to hijack a plane. Summoning his Stand Notorious B.I.G he is killed almost immediately by Mista, yet his Stand power remains, fueled by his grudge. Upon riding the plane, the gang starts to notice unusual things that are caused by Carne's Stand.

Stand Name: Notorious B.I.G is the Stand of Carne, featured in Vento Aureo. Notorious B.I.G. seems to have an animalistic personality, seeking only to devour things to further its growth. However, it appears to communicate with Giorno when it begins to develop on his arm, revealing information about itself that its current target couldn't possibly know (such as its name and the nature of its existence). Notorious B.I.G is one of the few Stands able to exist even after its user's death. Coupled with its ability to grow by absorbing energy, even that of attacks, Notorious B.I.G can be said to be truly invincible. However, as an automated Stand, it can be bypassed. While Notorious B.I.G can be summoned while Carne is alive, the Stand is said to only activate upon its User's death, drawing energy from Carne's grudge. This is one of its main features and gets rid of a potential weakness. Initially, Notorious B.I.G seems to have no body after the death of its user, instead constructing one by absorbing matter and energy from an outside source. As this body is made of physical matter, it is vulnerable to mundane damage such as being flung into objects or getting impaled; however, any surviving pieces will remain active and capable of regenerating themselves. Upon activation, Notorious B.I.G slowly infects anyone that has touched the remains of its user and eats away at flesh and energy in order to grow a body; this includes Stand energy and energy from automated objects like an engine. Through this ability, Notorious B.I.G can grow to a great volume with enough energy, eventually reaching a size comparable to a jet plane. More importantly, one speck of it can completely recover from near-destruction as long as it reaches a source of energy to feed on, making it nigh-impossible to defeat. Its ability to absorb Stand energy makes it immune to Stand attacks, enabling it to seek out Stands in order to feed on them. In its initial growth phase, Notorious B.I.G. can influence its host's body, causing them to perform actions without being consciously aware of them. After infecting Giorno, it somehow made him take some of Carne's fingers and put them into a plane's freezer; later, it used a pen to write out Giorno's thoughts on the wall and window. While Notorious B.I.G is blind, it can detect movement around itself, driving it to automatically attack the fastest moving object within range. After detecting the object moving fastest with respect to itself, it accelerates itself until it can latch onto its target; at one point, it becomes fast enough to catch up with a plane flying at 800kph. This trait makes Notorious B.I.G. 's behavior predictable if one is aware of it​​​​​​; the Stand can be distracted with various objects like the moving hand of a clock or a motorized seat​​​​​​ as long as nothing is moving faster than it. This also secures its prison in the ocean; the constant motion of waves and currents confuses Notorious B.I.G. to the point where it can no longer attack anything besides the odd passing boat. Notorious B.I.G was originally the humanoid Stand of Carne, though nothing is known about its abilities then. Carne is sent on a mission to kill Passione's traitors, but is immediately killed by Mista. However, it is eventually revealed that Notorious B.I.G survived after Carne's death and latched onto Giorno's body when he attempts to confirm the enemy's demise, only making its presence known well after the plane takes off. Consuming Giorno's arm to grow, it attacks and incapacitates Mista and Narancia in rapid succession. Although Giorno succeeds in throwing the Stand outside by cutting off his remaining hand, it quickly catches up to the plane and begins to attack Trish before shifting its focus to Giorno's brooch, which Gold Experience turned into a hand earlier. Trish's attempt to protect Giorno's hand leads to the awakening of her Stand Spice Girl, which allows Trish to impale and seemingly destroy Notorious B.I.G. In actuality, a piece of the immortal Stand entered the engine room and absorbed the energy of the engine, causing it to grow huge. In defiance of Bucciarati's plan to crash the plane, Trish tears the plane apart with Spice Girl, turning the cockpit into a makeshift parachute while the majority of Notorious B.I.G chases the larger, faster-falling part of the plane into the Tyrrhenian Sea. While a small piece of the Stand is found on Abbacchio's hair, Bruno attacks it with Sticky Fingers, causing it to attach to his arm. Trish then cuts off his arm to send it into the sea. Notorious B.I.G remains alive and active in the Tyrrhenian Sea, occasionally chasing down and destroying quickly-moving ships; this behavior leads sailors to call it "Tyrrhenian's stomach". Notorious B.I.G appears as the enemy faced in Chapters 14 and 15 of Super Story Mode, with the player taking control of Trish. While Trish can, in theory, defeat Notorious B.I.G without reaching the ladybug brooch turning into a hand by Giorno, doing so is a very tedious and difficult process. The Stand will wander the plane aimlessly until something moves. It is then that Notorious B.I.G will leap at whatever has moved and attack it. For Trish, moving in any way shape or form will draw Notorious B.I.G's attention until she stops or is attacked. The Stand only has one move against Trish: It will jump on her head before knocking her all the way to the front of the plane, resetting her progress towards the brooch. If Trish gets to the brooch in the back of the plane, she will awaken her Stand Spice Girl, allowing her to effectively defeat Notorious B.I.G. In Chapter 15, Notorious B.I.G has become gigantic and is slowly advancing to the front of the plane. Trish must attack it in order to set it back and stall it for two minutes. During this level, debris and cargo will fall, and Notorious B.I.G will attack in attempts to push Trish back and gain ground. If Notorious B.I.G gets to the front of the plane and catches Trish, she will be instantly defeated regardless of health level.

Stand User: Enya the Hag is an antagonist featured primarily in Stardust Crusaders. Enya holds a high station among DIO's confidantes. She is the mother of J. Geil; and after her son's death, ambushes Jotaro's group herself with the help of her fog Stand: Justice. In Diamond is Unbreakable, it is revealed that she had a key role in developing the Stand population when she acquired the Bow and Arrow, and in Vento Aureo it is revealed that she bought said Stand arrows from Diavolo. Enya is an evil hag dedicated to DIO's cause. As a servant of DIO, Enya is quite malevolent. Her first act is to send seven Stand Users to assassinate the Joestar Group. When she uses Justice, Enya also takes pleasure in humiliating her victims, perhaps out of a will to get revenge, and has for instance forced Hol Horse to swallow his hand and then shoot himself with his own Stand, but also wanted to make Polnareff lick her toilets clean. Enya has a materialistic approach to life, stating that humans live to obtain what they want, be it money, sex or power. She also gratuitously strikes a cat with a cane on her way out. Enya is one of DIO's most devout followers. She notably thinks the world of him, believing that with his Stand The World, he is invincible and the Joestars cannot hope to defeat him; on another note, she worshiped DIO so much that she refused to believe that he ordered her execution. Fascinated by the Vampire, her ambition was to stay by his side and witness his life. As a mother, Enya deeply loves her son J. Geil to a twisted degree. Because he served DIO, Enya thinks of him as a noble man and assumes that the heroes only defeated him because of a dirty trick. At the same time, she seemed to either ignore or think nothing of the crimes he's committed. She shares a link with her son which makes her receive the same damage he does, and it is through this link that she learns how her son was killed by Polnareff. Horrified by the fate of her son, Enya briefly cries over her offspring's death before succumbing to rage and vowing to kill the Joestar Group herself. She also wanted Hol Horse dead as soon as she knew he didn't help J.Geil against Polnareff. Enya's Stand is Justice; a ghostly humanoid mass enabling her both to create illusions and to control her targets' movements by entering wounds in their bodies. Though elderly, Enya can keep up with a younger adult; even approaching an equal fight with Polnareff's Silver Chariot using only scissors. Enya possesses esoteric knowledge relating to Stands and other seemingly unprecedented phenomena. Justice is a Stand that represents the Tarot Card "Justice", which serves as a reminder that every action has its consequences and responsibilities. Enya represents this by her desire to kill everyone involved in her son's death in order to uphold justice for him against his killers, showing that the decision to kill him held serious consequences for them. Enya is mentioned to have bought five Stand-creating Arrows from a nineteen-year-old Diavolo and used one of them on DIO to produce his Stand. Other Arrows were later passed down to individuals such as Nijimura's Father and Yoshihiro Kira. Enya is introduced as DIO's confidante and confidently states the seven Stand Users she has sent to Asia, among them her son J. Geil, will finish off the Joestar Group. However, all seven Stand users fail and her son is killed, causing her to cry angrily and swear revenge on the group while stating that serving DIO is the only purpose she has left. She then uses her Stand to change the desert graveyard into a large town in Multan, Pakistan, using the people as puppets. When the Joestar group enter the town, Enya greets them and invites them to her hotel. However, she almost gives herself away when she calls Joseph Joestar by his last name on impulse and is suspected by Jotaro Kujo. Hol Horse also arrives to greet her about the Joestar group but Enya, believing Horse to have betrayed her son, stabs him in the right arm to control it and Horse ends up shooting himself with Emperor. Enya, upon hearing Jean Pierre Polnareff come downstairs, crouches over and pretends to have collapsed. However, Hol Horse reveals that he was actually alive and warns Polnareff about Enya's attack, forcing her to attempt to stab Polnareff with scissors and chase after him with her crowd of corpse puppets in a rage. She does, however, finally have one of her puppets stab his tongue and forces him to lick the toilet in the restroom where he barricaded himself. When Jotaro kicks the door in, Enya directs Jotaro to Polnareff's location in the bathroom, but makes the mistake of calling Jotaro by name, exposing her identity as another one of DIO's Stand users (her excuse of Jotaro having signed his name on the checkbook becomes flimsy once he reveals he signed his name as "Qtaro" rather than "Jotaro"). She then assaults Jotaro with her puppets, but Jotaro blasts them all away, only failing to prevent a baby's corpse from injuring his leg. Enya gloats over defeating Jotaro due to her Stand's amorphism, but Jotaro threatens her to breathe in. Enya does this but realizes too late that Star Platinum has inhaled her Stand, causing her to faint from asphyxiation. Enya is later brought along with the rest of the group but is subsequently assassinated by Steely Dan, who activates the spore that DIO planted within her. In the OVA her fight is different. She uses Justice to change her appearance to that of a young woman (which might've been a reference to Nena). Later she changes back to her old appearance and accompanies the group acting like an innocent old woman, but is discovered when Jotaro uses the cigarette trick he used on the Captain Tennille impostor to discover her identity as a Stand user. When defeated, the spore on her kills Enya on its own, as Steely Dan doesn't appear. Enya appears as one of the villains in the game; however, her role and battle terms were changed, as she is the one responsible for putting the Stand Lovers inside Joseph's head (since Steely Dan was removed from the game). Enya appears as one of the ten characters from Jojo's Bizarre Adventure who appears in the game. Only on the home consoles' ports, Enya appears as an enemy faced on a special battle, where the player has to beat a certain number of zombies (controlled by her Stand) until she appears on the screen, which is when the player has to hit her until her life gauge reaches zero. At several points during the battle, Justice will appear looming above the battlefield and the player must jump to avoid being crushed by the Stand's clap attack. Jotaro is the character who faces this stage on Super Story mode, but Joseph, Polnareff, Kakyoin, Iggy, Avdol and New Kakyoin are also playable on the Gallery Mode. Super Story Gallery Mode Enya appeared as an NPC character. In Storyline, Enya often appeared around Part 4 timeline on mostly summoning the Egyptian zombies to attack the heroes, then lastly being ordered by Heaven Ascension DIO to give the 8 remaining Saint's Corpse pieces he stole from the heroes (except one which still under Jotaro's hand, due to DIO unable to steal it from him) to their allies and remaining brainwashed heroes.

Stand Name: Justice is the Stand of Enya the Hag, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Justice is a terrifyingly powerful Stand because of its very nature and power. Despite the ridiculous way Jotaro defeated it, Justice is one of the most powerful Stands in the series due to its quasi-invulnerability as a fog Stand and ability to control anyone's body through an open wound. Justice's foremost power allows it to control the bodies of others through an open wound. When someone is wounded on any part of their body (to facilitate this, Enya uses a pair of scissors to cut people), the victim's flowing blood will be absorbed into the fog and Justice then creates a perfectly clean, round hole on the victim which can pierce through a sufficiently thin body part like the wrist or the tongue. Justice then sends a string of fog into the hole like thread tied to a puppet and takes control of the associated body part like a puppeteer. Enya can then make the controlled parts move as she wishes, being able to throw Polnareff to the ceiling or make Hol Horse shoot himself. Justice's puppetry power is so powerful it can take control of dozens of corpses and manipulate them with precision, which can result in a large band of puppets under the control of Justice. Despite being mere skeletons, the puppets appear as normal humans, though with deformed features and holes all over their body. Justice can manifest incredibly realistic and detailed illusions anywhere within its range. Enya was able to generate an entire illusive city over a graveyard, with the impression of actual solid buildings that only vanished when she was defeated, and nearly killed Joseph Joestar by disguising a metal fence as their car and tricking him into jumping onto it. Moreover it can also disguise the skeletons she takes control of as living humans who can converse with others. In the OVA series, Enya also uses her mist to take the appearance of an attractive woman.

Stand User: Yoshihiro Kira is an antagonist featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Yoshihiro is Yoshikage Kira's late father, turned into a Ghost. Despite Yoshikage's violent inclinations, Yoshihiro is fiercely protective of him. Yoshihiro attacks the Joestar Group with his own Stand, Atom Heart Father, and later creates several Stand users with the Arrow to try to assassinate the group and protect his child. He is extremely devoted to his son and takes supporting him and his ambitions to the extreme, even going as far as to protect his son's serial killer lifestyle. There is evidence that his son Yoshikage inherited his malignant soul from him, as Yoshihiro utterly disregards the women his son has killed from his youth and the fact that Enya and DIO saw fit to entrust him with the Bow and Arrow. Yoshihiro Kira remained as a ghost in a camera when he died and is able to trap people into the space photographed by the camera. Able to move inside the photo, anything he does inside will translate into the real world. Several years before Part 4, Yoshihiro obtains a Stand Arrow from an old woman in Egypt. Yoshihiro would later use it to awaken Killer Queen, presumably after the Sugimoto's slaying of 1983 since their corpses had not disintegrated. Yoshihiro then died of cancer before the events of Part 4 when his son was 21, with his wife dying shortly after him. His stand enables him to remain in the mortal world to help protect his beloved son and let him maintain his "normal" life. In death, he discovers the existence of the Ghost Girl's Alley and tells his son to not look behind him in case he goes there. Josuke, Okuyasu, Koichi, and Jotaro first meet Yoshihiro when they investigate Yoshikage Kira's house for clues to discover where he is hiding. In the process, Yoshihiro attempts to imprison and kill them with his Stand abilities but only manages to imprison Josuke and Jotaro. However, Jotaro is able to make Yoshihiro occupy so much of a photo that he can no longer manipulate his surroundings. Undeterred, Yoshihiro escapes with the Arrow and awakens several Stand users, impelling them to thwart the efforts of Josuke and Rohan to find his son as a kind of payment. When they fail and/or move to Josuke's side, Yoshihiro and Yoshikage are at a loss on what to do until Yoshihiro's Arrow pierces his son. This awakens the Bites the Dust ability of Killer Queen. Nonetheless, Yoshikage Kira accidentally lets Josuke safely discover his identity and is forced to fight him. During the fight, Yoshihiro manages to slip himself inside of Hayato Kawajiri's jacket, allowing him to communicate Josuke's location inside of a house since Yoshikage could not see him without entering Crazy Diamond's range. Unfortunately for Yoshihiro, Josuke discovers his ploy and snatches the cell phone he was using to tell his son where Josuke was. By disguising his voice, Josuke manipulates Yoshikage into using one of his air bombs to blow up Yoshihiro, killing him by incinerating the photograph he was in. In the Alternate Universe, Holy Joestar is married to a man named Yoshiteru Kira instead of Sadao Kujo, who seems to be Yoshihiro's JoJolion counterpart, and like in the original universe, he is the father of Yoshikage Kira. It is unknown whether he even has a Stand in the SBR Universe. It is hinted by Kyo Nijimura that he is dead, as she states that she and Holy are the last members of the Kira family. Yoshihiro appears as the stage hazard on the Kira Estate stage. He brandishes a knife and uses it along with his Stand, Atom Heart Father, to attack players, traveling along a curving path. Kira Estate Yoshihiro appears as a special trait for "Kosasku Kawajiri" in Eyes of Heaven. When Kosaku reaches his last health gauge, Yoshihiro appears and begins following opponents for 30 counts of the battle timer. This enhances the properties of Kosaku's "Contact Bomb" and "Impact Ignition Bomb" skills, referencing Yoshihiro's role as a guide for Yoshikage's air bombs near the end of Diamond is Unbreakable.

Stand Name: Atom Heart Father is the Stand of Yoshihiro Kira, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. The abstruse power of Atom Heart Father makes it a fearsome and seemingly invincible Stand when it is set up. However, it has a glaring weakness in that anyone is free to use the camera the ability is bound to, allowing Jotaro to take advantage of it and render the Stand harmless. Atom Heart Father is bound to a Polaroid camera which takes pictures with several extraordinary properties. The most obvious one is that it allows people to see the ghost of Yoshihiro Kira who is normally invisible to human eyes. More precisely, Yoshihiro only exists inside the pictures the camera takes and he alone can move inside them. In case the picture is a close-up, he can even extend his head and arms out of the photography to interact with the world. If need be, the photograph can float around by itself and Yoshihiro can store items like the Arrow inside the photographs. Not only can Yoshihiro move inside the picture, but he can also interact with objects that are within the photographed area. For instance, he could call Josuke with a phone from the photograph. Whatever happens inside the picture will be reflected in the real world no matter what the victims do, thus if Yoshihiro was to decapitate Josuke inside the picture with a knife, that same knife would burst out of a drawer and fly at Josuke to cut off his head. Although this set of abilities makes Atom Heart Father seemingly impossible to stop, it has one glaring weakness. Anyone is free to use the camera the ability is bound to, and Jotaro uses that to take a photograph of Yoshihiro alone and then destroys the camera. Thus, everything that is supposed to happen inside the old photograph is interrupted and Yoshihiro finds himself trapped within the small frame of a photograph, unable to use his power again. Despite the destruction of the camera, the supernatural photograph can persist indefinitely. However, if the photograph containing Yoshihiro is destroyed, his ghost will disappear forever.

Stand User: Rikiel is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Rikiel is one of DIO's illegitimate children with an unnamed woman. When he fatefully meets with Enrico Pucci, he awakens his Stand, Sky High, and battles Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes Costello. Rikiel is initially a meek youth distraught by the numerous afflictions he suffers from, causing him to have confidence issues. When Pucci unlocks his Stand Sky High, Rikiel becomes more confident and is seen evolving into an honorable and brave fighter during his fight with Jolyne. He holds human progress in high esteem and sees Apollo 11 as a symbol of human growth. Rikiel is a man of honor and fights to repay his debt to Pucci, and when Jolyne defeats him, he congratulates her and reveals details about Pucci. He inherited his father DIO's determination and hardcore actions as well as a rare trait of acknowledging a worthy opponent. Sky High allows Rikiel to control creatures known as flying rods which absorb body heat and create localized illnesses. Prior to meeting Pucci and obtaining a Stand, Rikiel suffered from what seemed to be constant panic attacks: his eyelids constantly fell and his knees gave out. He would attempt to take exams in school, only to suffer from his conditions, which caused him to stop attending school. These conditions were so severe that he wasn't even able to drive a car, and this dramatically decreased his self-confidence. Upon meeting Pucci and obtaining his Stand, Rikiel instantly became more confident, going as far as to present himself to the heroes believing he could easily defeat them. Though new to his abilities, Rikiel used his Stand powers well, weakening Jolyne's body with the use of his anatomical knowledge. Due to this knowledge, he was able to manipulate Jolyne, Ermes, and Emporio's conditions to deal various biological setbacks against them. It was when Jolyne set herself on fire to counter the effect of Rikiel's Stand that he began to lose confidence, forcing Rikiel to set himself ablaze as well, believing that he could find her weakness by feeling her pain and attempting to conquer the odds. Jolyne, however, came out on top, dealing a massive blow to Rikiel and ensuring his death. Mortally wounded, Rikiel used his own Stand on himself, removing his ability to feel pain and holding onto Jolyne to force his Stand into a last-ditch effort to kill her. However, she allowed this and continued her attack, coincidentally using his hand to block his ability to sap her heat. Defeated, Rikiel reflects on his past and the coincidence that was able to characterize his defeat and Pucci's power and reveals that Weather Report is actually Pucci's younger twin brother. Just as he reveals this, however, he is finally silenced by Ermes.

Stand Name: Sky High is the Stand of Rikiel, featured in Stone Ocean. Sky High functions as a tool which allows Rikiel to control the mysterious cryptids known as rods. It is surprisingly powerful and deadly, as Rikiel can create localized illnesses from afar with the evasive rods. The power of Sky High is linked with Rikiel's shifting confidence, and while it is inoffensive and even harmful to its user at worst, a confident Rikiel can masterfully use Sky High to almost kill two Stand users of Jolyne and Ermes' caliber. Also called sky fish, rods are obscured transparent rod-like creatures that do not belong to any known family of species and live in remote locations, thus their very existence could never be fully proven. Rods always float in the air and move at speeds untraceable to the naked eye, and have only been seen on cameras and video recordings. Moreover, they are especially nimble and can slip through the tiniest opening or evade Stone Free's punches. Through Sky High, Rikiel discovered the rods' main source of sustenance: body heat. By flying past other organisms, the rods can absorb the body heat as food and use it to fuel themselves. Rods usually live and travel in swarms. When they die, their body immediately decays, making any discovery of a rod corpse impossible. Before he could control them, the rods were causing numerous diseases on Rikiel because of their heat-sucking. Sky High's only power is to control and direct the rods. However, the exact mechanism of that control is not disclosed and is theorized as a trust relationship. Rikiel exploits the rod's habit of sucking heat to rapidly and locally decrease the temperature of a selected body part from afar. When concentrated in one spot, the rapid decrease in heat can cause body parts and internal organs to become prone to disease and failure. The closer Rikiel is, the more accurately he can direct the rods, but he has enough control and range to target the eyelids of a flying helicopter's occupants. Rikiel needs to concentrate to properly control the rods, and their effects can even backfire on him if he loses his cool. If he panics, Sky High unwillingly orders all nearby rods to stay still. This ability of creating diseases enables him to cripple his enemies in various way but also enhance his own abilities.

Stand User: Emporio Alniño is a major ally featured in Stone Ocean. Emporio is a young Stand User, born and living secretly in Green Dolphin Street Prison. He sympathizes with Jolyne and becomes one of her primary allies. Emporio's Stand is the ghost room, Burning Down the House. Emporio is first shown as a timid, awkward boy, rather unwilling to join the battle. However, as he continues to help the heroes, he is slowly dragged into the fight himself. He proves helpful by using his computer to gain information regarding the villains' powers, and in helping Jolyne out of several tight spots by hiding her in his "ghost room." When caught in a conflict, he is not usually able to fight back. The main exception to this is his final confrontation with Pucci when he is helped by Weather Report's stand. Emporio's Stand, Burning Down the House, is a room comprising a secret, alternate space within Green Dolphin Street Prison, to which only he may grant entry. The room contains a number of useful, imperishable objects. Emporio is a timid fighter but proves able to follow the directions given to him by the group. Emporio borrows the Stand Weather Report after the death of its user. Emporio was born to an unnamed prisoner in Green Dolphin Street Prison. Since then, he has lived there in secret with the help of his Stand, which manifested in the form of a "ghost room." His mother was killed by Enrico Pucci, who took her Memory Disc and/or Stand Disc, causing her to slowly rot away. It is not confirmed whether she was a Stand user or not. However, Pucci was originally unaware of Emporio's existence, which gave the heroes a momentary edge. While in Green Dolphin Street Prison, he serves as a meaningful and useful ally to Jolyne and Ermes, as well as introducing the two to Narciso Anasui and Weather Report (who reside primarily in the Ghost Room provided by his Stand abilities), providing them all with information about the personnel, the enemies they fight, and even the prison itself. After Jolyne, Ermes, Weather Report, and Anasui escape, Emporio follows to help Jolyne (flying a helicopter that Romeo gave Jolyne before Rikiel's attack) before being given Jotaro Kujo's memory disc, which later causes him to pursue Donatello Versus when Weather Report recovers his memories and activates Heavy Weather. He narrowly escapes death at Pucci's hands and is trusted with Weather Report's Stand Disc after it's user's death. After Pucci resets the universe and Emporio becomes the only living member of the group that intended to stop Pucci, he finds himself in a universe created to Pucci's specifications and is subsequently dogged by Pucci as the last remaining enemy in his perfect world. Emporio runs to his ghost room and tricks Pucci into inserting Weather Report's Stand Disc into his head. Weather Report subsequently fills the room with concentrated oxygen and effectively disables Pucci. Emporio ignores Pucci's last angry pleas to spare him, saying that walking the path of justice is fate, and he and Weather Report kill the priest with a barrage of punches, after which the universe resets again. In this alternate timeline, Emporio finds himself right outside Green Dolphin Street and witnesses an alternate version of Ermes being kicked from the bus for attempting to pay with a fifty-dollar bill. Nearby, Annakiss, the alternate Anasui, invites Ermes to ride in their car in exchange for the money she can use to pay for gas. Ultimately, Emporio decides to join after meeting Irene, the alternate Jolyne, who invites the two to ride. Irene also possesses a Joestar birthmark, indicating that the Joestar family continues to live on. Deeply touched by the survival of his friends, Emporio gives his name when Irene asks for it. Later, the group picks up a hitchhiker, shown to be an alternate Weather Report. Emporio makes his first video game appearance as an explanatory character for GALLERY MODE, alongside Telence T. D'Arby, Leone Abbacchio, Oingo, Boingo, Ghiaccio and Wang Chan. He is also part of the stage hazard on the KENNEDY SPACE CENTER STAGE (screaming "Watch out!" when the objects start falling on the stage). His voice is also heard in the ending text in PART 6's story-mode segment.

Stand Name: Burning Down the House is the Stand of Emporio Alniño, featured in Stone Ocean. Although it doesn't give Emporio any combat ability, Burning Down the House's power to make him see and use the ghostly objects and items allows him to assist Jolyne throughout Stone Ocean. Burning Down the House allows Emporio to see, touch and use the ghosts of objects and rooms. In 1984, Green Dolphin Street Prison caught fire and several rooms were completely burned down and eventually replaced through renovations. Emporio is able to see and use the ghosts of the objects destroyed in the fire, but also access the destroyed piano room through a hidden crack on a wall. Due to their nature, the objects are of limited use; for instance, a ghost chocolate bar can be tasted but not eaten as it falls through Emporio's mouth. However, he was able to use a ghost computer freely to do research. He can fit ghost objects in his pockets or a tiny bag regardless of their size. To enter the piano room, an attuned person must pass through a slim crack on the wall of a stairway in which everything seems flattened. Any Stand user is able to see the crack in the wall leading to the piano room, but those not in the know about Emporio will not pay attention to it.

Stand User: Enrico Pucci is the main antagonist of Stone Ocean. A loyal follower and friend of DIO, Pucci aspires to implement a plan long formulated by DIO to "achieve heaven". Working as a chaplain at Green Dolphin Street Prison, he secretly frames Jolyne Cujoh and uses her as bait to lure Jotaro Kujo and his memories of DIO's Diary. Pucci is a Stand User and manipulates the mind and soul through his Stand, Whitesnake. After uniting with the Green Baby, Pucci's appearance takes a number of superficial changes. Strands of hair join to his eyebrows, forming a five-pointed star on his forehead and his right sideburn join with it. His hair changes design with three shaved lines going from his left temple to the base of his skull. He grows ponytails or dreadlocks, which thread through the holes of his collar. In early depictions, like the Green Baby, his eyelashes grow into spikes and his skin has lines going over it and he replaces his previous belt with a much larger double belt, and his wrists now have golden bands. He has five ponytails, his sideburn has 4 lines going to his eyebrows with one going to the left eyebrow and the shaved lines follow the top of his scalp. Later depictions have only 3 ponytails, 3 lines joining his sideburn to his right eyebrow and the shaved lines following his left temple. The priest Enrico Pucci is a fanatic committed to a heretical notion of God's will and to DIO's plan. As a teenager, Enrico Pucci was a good-hearted man, who tried the best he could to follow his faith as a future priest. When a tragic series of events led to the suicide of his beloved sister Perla, Pucci fell into despair and then went to see DIO, whom he encountered before. Enrico Pucci then became a radical believer after frequenting DIO, whose principal credo was that humans were helpless before many forces which ruled the Universe. Among these forces, God's will and Fate -which Pucci dubs "Gravity"- were the most brought up. Pucci's backstory, full of near-impossible coincidences and twists of fate and Perla's death whose responsibility couldn't be pinned on anybody, in particular, were the probable inceptions of this belief. Prone to chitchat, a lingering effect of his many discussions with DIO, Pucci often brings multiple random trivia to drive his point: observing Miraschon try to steal a golden cross, Pucci explained how Miraschon couldn't escape her nature; similarly, Pucci explained to Jolyne how a certain species of reckless swallows died young because they didn't realize their limits, and used this as a metaphor for the Joestar bloodline. Mixing this belief with DIO's plan to "attain Heaven", Pucci sought to make every human know their fated paths via Made in Heaven's power, and give them the "resolution" to accept their destiny, calling it true "happiness". Essentially, Pucci wished that humans realized that they couldn't fight Fate and make them at peace with their status as subordinates of Fate. In his quest for attaining Heaven, Pucci used many immoral methods including murder, manipulation, and bribery. Pucci was particularly callous about human lives, considering that he worked for the greater good anyway and that these sacrifices were insignificant. DIO's plan notably included the sacrifice of 36 human lives, and Pucci also sought to murder anyone who would cross his path, even Emporio Alniño who was a helpless child, or used minions he would recruit with manipulation or promises of favors as the priest of Green Dolphin Street. Underhanded tactics are not beneath him: Pucci favors imposing cruel choices to his enemies, for instance throwing Jotaro's Memory DISC into the dying Anasui, and asking Jolyne whether she wants to stop him or save Jotaro, as the DISC will disappear if Anasui dies and her father as a result, and Pucci would drive Jotaro through a similar choice in his final battle. Generally, Pucci is a rather immoral person, having no qualm being violent (his first appearance has him smashing Miraschon face-first into the edge of a cabinet after discovering a theft) or collaborating with various criminals, viewing them as tools to further his plans. As a fanatic, Pucci neither enjoys nor dislikes the numerous immoral acts he commits, being focused on his plan above all. As DIO planned for, his friend Pucci doesn't take any interest whatsoever in worldly concerns such as wealth or sex, and his only drives are his friendship with DIO and his belief, although, during their first meeting, DIO noticed a burgeoning evil in the priest who was reading a book about a clergyman committing adultery and running from his office to become an artist. In his goal to obtain DIO's plans, he sacrificed Johngalli A, the only one of his original allies left and DIO's son Donatello. His twin brother Wes told him when he regained his memory, that he was "the worst evil: an evil man who didn't know that he was evil". A rather reserved priest, Pucci became more and more exalted as the plan neared its completion, having occasional outbursts of enthusiasm and celebrating the Green Baby's conception. Prior to acquiring Made in Heaven, Pucci was an anxious person and used to recite the prime numbers, which calmed him thanks to their indivisibility. Upon unlocking it, however, Pucci became supremely confident, and began to express his emotions more freely, exasperated at Jolyne's persistence to resist him and shouting her name in anger. Interestingly, Pucci's first Stand Whitesnake possesses its own personality which can be described a scornful and vicious. Whitesnake vocalizes Pucci's inner emotions more freely than its user, notably his anger. Whitesnake is Pucci's basic Stand, with which he may steal up to two DISCs from individuals, one DISC contains the Stand of the target while the other DISC contains the target's memories. Pucci develops C-Moon with the instructions in DIO's Diary and with DIO's Bone, which manipulates gravity. Pucci develops Made in Heaven with further instructions in DIO's Diary, which steadily increases the speed of time. Pucci was born with a disfigured left foot, though this apparently did not hinder his ability to walk. Having descended from an influential Italian family, he grew up with a wealthy upbringing and was well-liked by everyone. Raised as a Roman Catholic, he was already on the path of priesthood at the age of fifteen, an action allowed by his parents due to his family's religious history. One day while sweeping the floors, he stumbled upon DIO's feet underneath a table. Curious, he conversed with DIO, and though he was alarmed when DIO grasped his twisted foot, he didn't think it was anything special. It wasn't until Pucci removed his shoe that he noticed his foot had been healed. Around the same time, a woman, in tears, came to the confessional booth, pleading to be heard. Choosing to listen in the absent priest's place, he heard how this woman had switched her sickly baby with another family's fraternal twin. When he asked what the family name was, he was shocked to discover it was Pucci. Not long afterward, his sister, Perla, fell in love with a part-time worker named Wes Bluemarine. The man his sister was dating was actually his thought-to-be-dead twin brother. Despite his discovery, Pucci is unable to tell anyone due to his priestly obligation to preserve the privacy of confessions. In order to protect his sister from knowing of the incest, Pucci secretly hired a P.I. group to force Wes and Perla to break up. However, he was unaware that the P.I. group held the beliefs of the KKK, who discovered that Wes' presumed father was an African American and proceeded to lynch Wes. Wes was shot and hung from a noose over a cliff while Perla was beaten. The morning afterward, Pucci discovered Perla's corpse from her suicide and cradled her body in sadness. He noticed a DISC emerging from her head, due to DIO's influence with the Stand Arrow. Pucci wanted to follow DIO, enticed by his words, but not before tying up all the loose ends to his past. He approaches the post-traumatic Wes, who was furious at Pucci's interference in his relationship with Perla, and quickly told him they were brothers before removing Wes's memory DISC from him. Wes then adopted the name Weather Report to compensate for not having a name. Pucci spent the remainder of that year with DIO. From him, he learned the "ingredients" needed to formulate the "perfect world". DIO grew to trust Pucci entirely, and gave him one of his finger bones as a remaining fragment should he die. The remaining years of Pucci's life were driven by his obsession with this promised land, and he waited for the preparation of the said day. To increase his mobility, he finished his priesthood and became a Father to those in need. He allied with Johngalli A in a plan to avenge DIO by killing Jotaro and his daughter Jolyne and complete DIO's plans. Determined to fulfill DIO's prophecy, he secured a job at Green Dolphin Street Prison, where he spent the next 8 years as the head priest and had since then become the longest residing employee of the prison. To fulfill DIO's secret plan, Pucci needs the hidden instructions contained within DIO's Diary, but Jotaro Kujo has burned it down. However, Pucci knows that Jotaro must have read the diary. To recover the instructions and avenge DIO, Pucci and Johngalli A devise a plan to lure Jotaro into their prison. As the one known criminal, Johngalli A openly acts by ordering thugs to throw a hitchhiker into the car Romeo Jisso and Jolyne Cujoh, Jotaro's daughter, were riding in. Johngalli A then directly hired a corrupt lawyer to protect Romeo and frame Jolyne for manslaughter with aggravating circumstances which would guarantee her transfer to Green Dolphin Street Prison. That way, Jotaro would investigate the circumstances and try to meet Jolyne in prison. When Jotaro eventually visits Jolyne, Pucci cooperates with Johngalli A. to eliminate him. After a long-range shot against Jolyne, Pucci has Whitesnake trap the two inside a delusional combat scenario, from which both of them eventually escape. The family freeing themselves from Whitesnake's spell is unexpected but, at a corridor, Johngalli A. and Whitesnake manage to surround Jotaro and force him to protect his daughter. It is this moment that Whitesnake steals two DISCs from Jotaro, his Stand disc, and his memory disc. At this moment, Pucci decides to get rid of Johngalli A. by first letting Jolyne defeat him. Then Pucci has Whitesnake finish off the sniper with a gun so his secret identity won't be found. With Jolyne Cujoh being thrown into solitary confinement, Pucci has several weeks of free move. During that time, he looks into Jotaro's memories to discover DIO's plan. Moreover, having no use for Jotaro's Star Platinum disc, he stores it in his secret stash in the farm fields. He also gives Thunder McQueen a Stand, Highway to Hell. After the battle between Jolyne, Ermes Costello and Foo Fighters, Pucci participates in the search for the missing prisoners who were killed during said battle and notes that his whole stash of discs has been taken and there is no sign of Foo Fighters. He concludes that Jolyne is a more dangerous foe than he previously thought and that she's gathered allies. To assassinate Jolyne and her allies, he decides to use Miraschon, whom he has promised parole and gives her the Stand Marilyn Manson. However, Miraschon fails at assassinating anyone and is defeated. Later, Pucci intercepts Jolyne's phone call to the Speedwagon Foundation and knows that she intends to deliver the Star Platinum disc to them. Wanting to prevent that, Pucci dispatches Lang Rangler to kill Jolyne before she can reach the courtyard between the men and women's wards. However, Lang is defeated. Deciding to check on Lang, Pucci accidentally meets Jolyne about the open the door to the courtyard. Since Jolyne doesn't know he is the enemy, she peacefully begs him to grant her a moment in the courtyard. Having discerned the presence of one of Jolyne's allies near him, he prefers to keep his cover and allows Jolyne to pass. However, he uses Whitesnake to command a guard to stand in the courtyard, who shoots Jolyne on his orders. Although Jolyne is on the ground, Weather Report intervenes by making it rain poisonous rainforest frogs. Pucci is trapped by the rain near the courtyard and sends in Whitesnake to retrieve the disc which was lost during the chaos. Although Whitesnake finds the disc, Jolyne snatches it first and gives it to a messenger pigeon used by the Speedwagon Foundation. The pigeon flies away with the disc and Pucci fails, only angrily commenting that the Stand disc alone won't be enough to revive Jotaro. Pucci then carries on to his original plan and meets Sports Maxx at the chapel. He then asks Maxx to revive DIO's Bone with his powers, which results in the bone's disappearance. After a short moment of panic, Pucci understands that the plan is being carried out and resolves to wait for the bone to reappear of its own volition. However, Sports Maxx reveals that he senses the bone's presence in the maximum security ward. After Ermes' battle against Sports Maxx, Jolyne is thrown into the maximum security ward. Pucci decides to send in four assassins to kill the isolated Jolyne before she retrieves the bone. Nonetheless, three of the assassins are dispatched and only D an G is left. When Pucci arrives at the maximum security ward, the whole population has been transformed into a giant tree, with only D an G and Guccio still alive, but injured. Meanwhile, Jolyne and Narciso Anasui have escaped into the swamp. Pucci plans on interrogating D an G about the bone, but his plans are thrown into disarray. Pucci is spotted by Foo Fighters who guesses that he is the hidden enemy behind the assassination attempts. There is a battle between the two of them, as Pucci tries to stop Foo Fighters from killing D an G. Whitesnake threatens several times to steal its Stand disc, but Foo Fighters slips away several times, albeit in dire need of water. Pucci ultimately baits Foo Fighters into using a sink, where he uses one of Whitesnake's stand discs, causing the sink to spray boiling water, severely injuring Foo Fighters. However, Foo Fighters had enough time to call Weather Report, who creates heavy rain and fog to allow Foo Fighters to regenerate and escape Pucci. Nonetheless, Pucci disguises Whitesnake as Weather Report and fools Foo Fighters, who brings him to Jolyne and The Green Baby. Whitesnake impales Anasui and Foo Fighters, but Jolyne cuffs herself to Pucci. Despite his powers, Pucci is overwhelmed and must use Jotaro's memory disc. He throws the disc into Anasui's dying corpse, forcing her to try to save him while Pucci finally rejoins the Green Baby. Pucci tells the baby a secret password which results in their fusion. Pucci has now entered DIO's world. Having no more need for the prison, Pucci leaves for Cape Canaveral where the next stage of his plan will be set in motion. Pucci must now reach Cape Canaveral and await the new moon, which will enable Pucci to fulfill the next part of DIO's plan. On the way to Cape Canaveral, Pucci fatefully meets three young men: Ungalo, Rikiel and Donatello Versus. All three were brought to a hospital, near which Pucci is taken hostage by Ungalo. However, Pucci ultimately sways Ungalo to his side and then makes all three men realize that they are the sons of DIO, and helps them awaken and master their respective Stands. Pucci spends the next three days waiting with the bedridden Donatello while Ungalo and Rikiel go confront the Joestar Group. Two days before the new moon, Jolyne and Ermes manage to reach the hospital. Donatello then awakens Under World and lures the two into a cavern where a fight ensues. During the battle, Pucci stays passive and counsels Donatello, who grows increasingly frustrated at Pucci's perceived scorn. DIO's son steals Weather Report's memory disc and when he is defeated, he gives it to Weather who was near the hospital, angering Pucci. Heavy Weather's power begins to wreak havoc in Orlando, and Pucci is forced to flee in order to eliminate Weather Report. At the same time, Weather has regained his memory and his hatred for Pucci. In the streets, Pucci finally ambushes Weather and Anasui. To avoid Heavy Weather, Pucci makes himself blind and manages to grab Anasui, using him as his eyes. After a brief violent fight, Weather Report corners Pucci and almost kills him. However, a car incidentally crashes into the two twins. Pucci manages to stab Weather in the heart, while secretly using Whitesnake to extract his Stand disc. To escape he also disguises Donatello into himself, luring Jolyne away while he escapes to Cape Canaveral. In Cape Canaveral, Pucci begins to feel his Stand turning into something else entirely. He eventually awakens C-Moon, which manipulates the surrounding gravity, and Pucci becomes the center of a gravitic anomaly. When the Joestar Group and Ermes arrive at Cape Canaveral, Pucci hides and sends C-Moon battle them. Although C-Moon proves to be dangerous, Jolyne's experience allows her to take advantage. Pucci is forced to reveal himself and personally pilot it. Using himself, he puts Jolyne at a disadvantage and has C-Moon strike Jolyne at the heart. Jolyne "falls" away from him, and Pucci is sure of his victory. However, Jolyne survived thanks to Stone Free and continues to battle him. Pucci grabs a gun, but Jotaro Kujo freezes time and uses his stand to punch Pucci. Jotaro and Ermes have rejoined with the group and Pucci finds himself cornered. At this moment, he realizes that his condition allows him to recreate the exact environmental conditions needed to awaken the ultimate power. Pucci gravitates to a space shuttle, even avoiding a spear thrown by Jotaro, thanks to a lingering ability to move in the time-stop, and subsequently evolves his Stand further. The priest now commands Made in Heaven and begins the next step of his plan. Pucci accelerates time, causing chaos across the earth as all living beings are left lagging behind. Pucci's time acceleration gives him a great edge in battle, but Star Platinum's time-stop still represents a danger. Pucci carefully corners the group on a roof but his attempt to slit Jotaro's throat is thwarted by Anasui's Diver Down which takes the brunt of the damage. The group then makes the mistake of going into the sea, where the waves allow Pucci to hide. During his second attempt, Pucci manages to force Jotaro in another dilemma and kills him by splitting his face in two. He quickly kills Ermes and Anasui, but Jolyne confronts him a final time which results in Emporio managing to escape. During the struggle, Jolyne manages to cut Pucci's left eye. Nonetheless, he finishes her off and Pucci brings about the end of the universe. Emporio now has the power to fight Pucci. The priest accelerates time, but collapses to the ground; Emporio has manipulated the oxygen level of the atmosphere and turned Pucci's power against him by accelerating his oxygen poisoning. Pucci angrily demands that Emporio stop Weather Report from killing him, saying that his ideal world for humanity's happiness would be ruined, only to be told by Emporio that he lost to "fate" and that it's the true path of justice before finally being beaten to death by Weather Report. His universe then resets into an alternate timeline, in which Jolyne and company meet up coincidentally and the Joestar bloodline survives. It is unknown what happened to Pucci afterward, it may either imply that he has been erased in the alternative universe or might have been "revived" with an alternate counterpart of his own. Pucci makes his first video game appearance in All Star Battle and is the only villain playable from Part 6, voiced by Shou Hayami, who had voiced another follower of DIO, Vanilla Ice in the Capcom fighting game. He was confirmed for the game alongside Dio Brando (Part 1). Along with Hol Horse, Kosaku-Kira, Johnny Joestar, Koichi Hirose and Giorno Giovanna, Pucci is a character who can utilize more than one Stand during a match as part of his moveset and is the only character who can utilize three Stands. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Pucci can turn his Stands on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with C-Moon only. Stand Rush Available to Pucci at all times, regardless of his current Stand: Pucci begins the battle with Whitesnake. While Whitesnake is off: While Whitesnake is on: Pucci's HHA, "So it was already done...", is only available with Whitesnake. Pucci and Whitesnake fly forward at the opponent. If they connect, Whitesnake will steal the opponent's DISC and roundhouse-kick them away. So it was already done... When Pucci steals the opponent's DISC via "It's mine!" or his HHA, abilities pertaining to their Style and the Style Button are locked away in the form of "the DISC"; Ripple Users cannot use "Ripple Breath", nor enhance their skills; Dio Brando cannot use "I'll suck you dry! "; The Pillar Men cannot activate their respective Modes; Stand Users cannot summon their Stands; Mounted Style Users cannot call for their horses. "The DISC" will be in Pucci's possession until the opponent hits him, causing it to drop in front of him. Pucci can retrieve the DISC to keep the opponent's Style locked, or the opponent can pick it up and restore their abilities. the DISC If Pucci fills the Green Baby Gauge completely by way of the use of the "14 words", the Green Baby will fuse with Whitesnake, evolving it into C-Moon as a special animation plays. Pucci's appearance is altered and his abilities will change accordingly. While C-Moon is off: While C-Moon is on: Pucci's GHA, "Made in Heaven", is only available with C-Moon. Pucci, using C-Moon's gravity-altering ability, attempts to float on debris skyward. If uninterrupted, bright light with bathe Pucci completely, shining out of different parts of his body including his eyes. In a bright flash, Made in Heaven comes out of him, and Pucci and his newfound Stand quickly zip around the sky in streaks of light before landing, prepared to fight. Made in Heaven After evolving his Stand into Made in Heaven, the stage will move into outer space, with the stage walls and background being a road made out of light representing the rapidly changing universe, making this the only possible stage to be played without being a regular stage. Pucci enters "Made in Heaven Mode". In this mode, the battle timer will tick twice as fast, Pucci will move at double his speed, and the opponent's own speed is halved, effectively leaving Pucci moving at four times the speed of his opponent. Made in Heaven Mode While Pucci can turn Made in Heaven off, it will only leave him with his regular attacks; All of Pucci's new moves are only available when Made in Heaven is on. The only character who does not suffer this slow-down effect is Giorno Giovanna with Gold Experience in Requiem Mode. Made in Heaven is not entirely infallible. If he is somehow struck by Kosaku-Kira's Bites the Dust GHA, Pucci's Stand will revert all the way back to Whitesnake, the stage will be restored back to what it was. Although Pucci is still able to regain C-Moon, Made in Heaven can only be activated once per battle, being permanently unavailable after Kosaku's GHA takes effect, or the round ends. Special animations performed by the opponent such as Throws, HHA, and GHA, temporarily return them to normal speed until the animation in question ends. Due to the quickened timer, it is not uncommon for the round to end via time-up. Pucci possesses one alternate costume, being the attire he wore as a 15-year old during his flashback talking to DIO. Alongside the others characters from Part 6, Pucci has a special intro against DIO, the same conversation they had in a flashback where DIO claimed that Pucci could easily steal DIO's Stand DISC, and The World with it. For the western version, he was named "Father Pucchi" and his Stands' names were changed to "Pale Snake", "Full Moon", and "Maiden Heaven", respectively. Pucci also appears as a background character at the Green Dolphin Street Prison stage and if the opponent were to be defeated near the gate where Pucci is standing, his Whitesnake will appear as a Situation Finish and steal the loser's Stand/Memory DISC similar to the chapter scene when Whitesnake obtains Jotaro's Stand DISC from Jolyne. This is assuming that Pucci himself is not one of the two fighters, otherwise, he will not appear and the Situation Finish is unavailable. Pucci with Whitesnake (simply "Enrico Pucci") was confirmed as a playable character alongside Jolyne, Ermes, and Weather Report. Whitesnake is unable to evolve, unlike the previous game. As a result, his move set is primarily based around the powers and attacks demonstrated before his merging with the Green Baby. Whitesnake Pucci cannot be paired with his New Moon form. As a Stand User, Pucci is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. Opponents hit by Pucci's various skills will be Sealed. While Sealed, they will randomly lose access to one of their skills. This effect can be applied multiple times, up to four; this translates to an opponent losing three of their normal skills and one of an EX skill. Also of note is that Pucci by default is immune to the effects of Weather Report's "The Devil's Rainbow! It's Heavy Weather!" skill. Sealed Pucci's original form does not appear in Story Mode, unlike THE WORLD Diego, and Part 4 and 6 Jotaro, all of whom briefly appear during the game's ending sequence. Instead, New Moon Pucci is the one to be involved in the game's storyline, set after his transformation and during the final battle at Cape Canaveral. He is paired with Akira Otoishi in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Weather Report and "Kosaku Kawajiri". Pucci with C-Moon and subsequently, Made in Heaven, is now a separate playable character, and was confirmed alongside Anasui, Josuke Higashikata 8, and Joshu Higashikata. His name is titled Pucci Waits For the Time of the New Moon, commonly shortened to New Moon Pucci and dubbed "Pucchi, Awaiting the New Moon" in the English localization. New Moon Pucci cannot be paired with his original form possessing Whitesnake. Pucci Waits For the Time of the New Moon New Moon Pucci Pucchi, Awaiting the New Moon This version of Pucci appears in the game's story mode. He is first seen with Pet Shop, sent to kill Part 3 Jotaro and his future daughter Jolyne at Cape Canaveral in order to prevent them from gathering any more of the Saint Corpse Parts. However, the two retreat when they are defeated by the father-daughter team. Later, after the Joestar Group encounters Heaven Ascension DIO, Pucci confronts Jotaro again at the Joestar Mansion, sending Enya the Hag's zombies after him before fighting Jotaro himself. Even with the assistance of zombies, Pucci is defeated once again. Knowing that Joseph Joestar will inevitably use Hermit Purple to extract his knowledge of The World Over Heaven's ability and weakness, Pucci makes his final commitment to his lord DIO, and jumps from the second story floor of the mansion. He impales himself on the Statue of the Goddes of Love and perishes to keep his master safe, recreating the original Dio Brando's first defeat by Jonathan Joestar. With C-Moon, Pucci can perform various attacks that turn his opponents inside-out. While in effect, affected opponents will very gradually lose health as blood continuously seeps out of their torso, with no way to manually undo the effect aside from losing a health gauge or getting hit by C-Moon's attacks a second time. The only character immune to this effect is Jolyne while her "Bring it on right until the end!" skill is active. inside-out With Made in Heaven, Pucci gains incredible speed and power due to the Stand's abilities, being able to deal many hits and cover a large amount of ground in a short amount of time.

Stand Name: C-Moon is a Stand developed by Enrico Pucci, featured in Stone Ocean. C-Moon is the evolved form of Whitesnake and the predecessor to Made in Heaven. C-Moon shows little learning / developmental potential, requiring direct instructions from Pucci in order to act meaningfully; but, shown considering them, it appears to possess a degree of independent intelligence. By its fighting ability it seems to demonstrate knowledge, although its actions may only be the necessary result of its instructions and environment. C-Moon is an extremely powerful and dangerous Stand. Not only does its power over gravity greatly impede its enemies and guarantee that any of its strikes can prove fatal, but it possesses the agility, speed and strength to fight toe-to-toe with powerful close-range Stands like Stone Free. C-Moon is remote-controlled, and thus can be manipulated from a certain distance by Pucci. The closer Pucci is, the better his control, but he must expose himself to do so. C-Moon makes Enrico Pucci the center of a reverse gravitational phenomenon. Within a radius of 3 kilometers around Pucci, the gravity shifts so that people and objects are repelled from Pucci. Thus, any unfixed object will fall away from him as if the Earth was a giant cliff but then return to normal once they fall sufficiently away from Pucci. Likewise, anyone positioned above Pucci will fall upward. C-Moon itself is unaffected and can freely move around Pucci. By default, Pucci's gravity always makes him attracted to the surface below his feet, making him able to walk on any surface, even vertical ones. However, he can toggle the gravity shift so he can levitate freely instead. C-Moon can also dramatically modify the gravitational force acting upon an object by touching it with its fists, which is expressed by that object turning inside-out. Anything its fists even graze will be affected, down to individual hairs. If C-Moon touches the same object or area twice, the effects are reversed, enabling Jolyne to partially withstand its blows. This power grants C-Moon great destructive potential: a blow to the chest is usually fatal as the heart turns inside out, and blood flow is reversed, depriving the brain of oxygen. Although C-Moon mainly uses this ability to deal fatal blows, it can use the turning inside out of objects to try trapping its opponents or violently snap small objects like tiles to project them into enemies. Pucci himself can partially turn himself inside out without harm to evade attacks. Jolyne Cujoh has developed a unique counter to C-Moon's power. Exploiting her ability to turn herself into strings, Jolyne can transform the parts of her body into Moebius strips, object with only one surface and impossible to turn inside out, thus cancelling the harm C-Moon does to her. C-Moon appears to have an altered version of the ability Pucci's future stand Made in Heaven possesses. As opposed to accelerating time on a universal scale and not affecting living creatures, C-Moon's acceleration is extremely localised and affects any object, living or otherwise, that physically touch or come within extreme proximity to Pucci. Examples of this include rapidly growing a woman's fingernails, accelerating the growth of one half of a baby's body into an adult, and causing broken chicken's eggs to spontaneously grow premature living chicks. This ability, due to being in the transitory stage between Whitesnake and C-Moon, appears to be out of Pucci's control, activating without warning or conscious activation by Pucci.

Stand User: Boingo is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Boingo is a young boy Stand User and his Stand is Tohth. As part of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods, he attempts to assassinate the Joestar Group in Egypt alongside his older brother Oingo and later Hol Horse. Boingo demonstrates a very introverted personality. Boingo is very shy and content to take a supporting role in his partnership, using his Stand to guide his brother Oingo and then Hol Horse and then hide somewhere to observe. This passivity is also explained by the facts that Boingo is still a little child and that Tohth, being a mere book, is completely useless in a fight. Because of his shyness, Boingo is only comfortable around Oingo with whom he is close. After his encounters with the Joestar Group, Boingo seemingly learns from the experience and decides to become braver but, after Iggy attacks him, Boingo is then stated to have reverted back to his shyness. His timidity also causes him to stutter noticeably. Despite his meekness, Boingo has great faith in his Stand Tohth, stating regularly that its predictions are always correct, however twisted they may be. As one of DIO's servitors, Boingo demonstrates hints of evilness. For example, he grins and even awkwardly laughs when Tohth predicts that the heroes may die, and has no problem with mugging a man for his money. During his last appearance, Boingo expresses a wish to use his power for good so that people will love them more but this development is cut short when Iggy attacks him. Boingo and his brother share a very close relationship, working as partners and relying on each other. Tohth's narration states for instance that Boingo feels lonely after being separated from Oingo. Moreover, Boingo accepts to partner up with Hol Horse to avenge his retired brother. Tohth is a comic-book-like Stand whose whimsical story periodically updates itself to predict the close future with 100% accuracy. Boingo is first seen reading from the comic book Tohth and then meets a friendly comic artist who offers to buy it from him. However, Oingo maintains that the book is not for sale and threatens the comic artist to stay away from Boingo. He then reads the comic and decides to wait four hours for the next bus to avoid the accident Tohth predicted. The brothers then look into Tohth for the next prediction and realize that they are meant to poison the Joestar group's tea. Boingo stays in the shadows and witnesses Oingo's preparations to fulfill the prophecy. At the same time, Jean Pierre Polnareff lets a cigarette fall, which points to their restaurant. Initially, the group decides to order tea, but a suspicious Joseph Joestar decides to order the unopened coke instead. This seems to prevent Oingo from poisoning the drink at first, but an angry customer reacts to the warm coke he was served, causing the Joestar group to order the tea that Oingo successfully poisons. However, right as the group is about to drink their tea, Iggy eats another customer's cake and causes the Joestar group to abandon their tea to take care of Iggy and leave the shop, which makes Oingo and Boingo angry. Eventually, following Tohth's prophecy, Oingo punches a nerdy-looking stranger and frightens him into dropping his wallet, giving the two money and temporarily pacifying them for their failure. Following Tohth's next prediction, Oingo then tries to make Jotaro eat a bomb that looked like an orange. However, Joseph and Polnareff return and Oingo is forced to disguise himself as Jotaro in order to prevent them from attacking him. The disguise backfires and Oingo is dragged into the same car where he placed the bomb. Boingo becomes shocked after finding out the true meaning of Tohth's prophecy, that Oingo is the one who will fall victim to the bomb with Jotaro's face, and mentally begs for his brother to transform back so that their intended interpretation of the prophecy will come true. Regardless, Oingo accidentally steps on the bomb he set up, causing it to blow up and split his face in two. Boingo then arrives and resolves to defeat the Joestar group on his own, causing Oingo to become proud of his younger brother's growth. However, the man Oingo assaulted earlier returns with other thugs, who beat up the two brothers and send them to the hospital. Meanwhile, the real Jotaro returns from visiting the hospital, and, happening to be thirsty, picks out an orange to eat. After exiting the hospital, Boingo teams up with Hol Horse to avenge his brother (albeit only after Hol Horse had to resort to kidnapping Boingo). Boingo, hiding under a crate for the majority of Hol Horse's assisted assault, demonstrates the extent of Tohth's power by showing its next prediction: that Hol Horse would kick a woman and the woman will be thankful and give him money. Hol Horse is skeptical, but this is proven true when he sees a woman walking past him and, driven by the possibility of the prediction being true, runs and kicks the woman in the back, and finds out he killed a deadly scorpion on the woman's back, and is paid for saving her life. The two then try to follow the next prediction, involving Hol Horse sticking his fingers up Polnareff's nose and the rest of the Joestar group being hit by a truck. Hol Horse, skeptical of the result, but willing to follow through nonetheless, sticks his fingers up Polnareff's nose. A series of events is then triggered that leads up to the Joestar group being hit by a truck. Boingo now has Hol Horse's full confidence and directs Horse to guide his bullets through a series of pipes. However, Hol Horse's watch was off by a few minutes when directed to fire at noon, and the bullets loop around and pierce through the depicted holes in the comic book's pages to hit him instead. Afterward, Boingo contemplates using his powers to better the lives of others and kicks aside his hiding crate, but the crate accidentally hits Iggy and Boingo becomes assaulted by the dog and becomes even more introverted than before. Tohth then says that, if it was that easy to change their ways, there wouldn't be bad people in the world. Oingo and Boingo are reduced to a supporting role in the game, and they don't use their respective Stands at all. Since Boingo doesn't appear as an enemy, he no longer forms a partnership with Hol Horse. Boingo's Stand, Tohth, appears as the main menu character for the Gallery Mode, which contains every character ending (available once the player beats Arcade Mode with that character), mini-games, special modes (such as Taro card reading) and mini-boss battles (such as Death 13 and N'Doul). Boingo is also playable via Alessi's transformation move on the "Hol Horse with Boingo" character, as Boingo assumes Hol's place on the match for a small period of time. However, Boingo doesn't attack the opponent, as Hol Horse does that for him, hiding under the box in the background, by shooting the enemy.

Stand Name: Tohth is the Stand of Boingo, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Tohth appears as a comic book which even non-Stand users can see and interact with. The comic is called "Oingo Boingo Brothers Adventures," and adopts a peculiar, whimsical art style, comprised of distorted representations of the characters and the environment complete with abstract symbols or similar stylistic quirks. The comic book narrates the future in a childish way with enthusiastically and childishly written texts punctuating the comic-book. It represents the Egyptian God Thoth, the god of writing, alluding to the Stand's ability to print the near future onto its own pages. As a mere foretelling comic book, Tohth is not suited for direct combat at all but is a valuable tool if one wants to take the upper hand in any situation. Thanks to it, the Joestar Group was almost killed in Aswan by Oingo and in Cairo by Hol Horse. Tohth's ability is to predict the future. The book is mostly filled with blank pages, but as time passes, more pages will fill up, predicting coming events up to several minutes ahead in the future. Moreover, the predicted events will be relevant to the reader, thus an artist reading the book has read his own future death while Oingo reads about his future attempts at assassinating the Joestar Group. Boingo claims the events depicted in the comic-book are guaranteed to always come true; in all its appearances, the predictions happen without fail, although sometimes in a roundabout way. For example, while it depicts Jotaro's head being split up by a blast, it is Oingo, with the appearance of Jotaro, who is blasted apart by his bomb. However, Tohth only predicts key events without showing what happens between them or significant details. Because the drawings are incomplete and the narration texts misleading, everything Tohth predicts is subject to interpretation. For instance, Tohth stated that Hol Horse would kick a woman, after which she would be thankful and give him all her jewelry, leaving out the fact that Horse would do so to save her from being stung by a poisonous scorpion. Furthermore, it only predicts up to several minutes in the future meaning that an action that seems beneficial may have consequences later. Because of the comic-book, Oingo mugged a man he thought was easy prey, but the man later came back with several thugs to beat him up. This makes Tohth incredibly difficult to use. If someone were to not act as the comic-book predicted, even by accident, such as when Hol Horse shot two minutes ahead without realizing it, Boingo claims that they would be punished and events would conspire to make the predictions true at the expense of the offender. Thus Hol Horse was shot by his own bullets through the page depicting Jotaro being riddled with bullets, making the predictions true in a way while almost killing Hol Horse.

Stand User: Viviano Westwood is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Westwood works as a prison guard in Green Dolphin Street Prison, and under the influence of Survivor, tries to assassinate Jolyne Cujoh in the maximum security ward. He is one of the four people sent to assassinate her. He uses the Stand Planet Waves in battle. Viviano takes pleasure in antagonizing convicts, and even makes bets with fellow guards when doing so. He's mentioned that he believes prisoners are the scum of society. Being a guard, his job involves detaining prisoners everyday, and by doing so has mastered certain techniques that prevent them from struggling, such as effective headlocks. Viviano uses Planet Waves to have small meteors fall from the sky. The ability makes it so the meteors always disintegrate before touching him as a safeguard. Wrestling: Westwood is a prison guard trained to immobilize people with wrestling techniques and is competent enough to give a fight to Jolyne. Wrestling: Viviano is a guard that worked in the Green Dolphin Street Prison for three years, after working in a Miami customs house prior. When he obtained his Stand is unknown though speculation suggests it was on the same day or the day before the Green Baby is born. Viviano works as one of the guards overseeing Jolyne after she is transferred to the punishment ward. He is first introduced when him and the other guard barge into Jolyne's cell with a floodlight as part of a bet. After spraying Jolyne with a hose, some of the water gets on Viviano and he retaliates by hitting back. The two guards get into a small pushing fight that eventually erupts into a full out brawl. After taking out the other guard, Viviano releases the prisoners and begins fighting Jolyne. It's revealed that everyone's aggressive behavior is due to the ability of the Stand, Survivor, which causes everyone to fight with the ability to see each other's weak points. Jolyne manages to knock Viviano out, but as she closes in, her arm is suddenly damaged and Viviano reveals the Stand disc in his head. Jolyne and Viviano continue to fight, but each bout constantly results in Jolyne getting pinned down by Viviano's detainment techniques. With Jolyne in a headlock, Viviano uses Planet Waves to bring a meteorite through the atmosphere with the intent of hitting Jolyne. Jolyne manages to escape by sending a string through Viviano's head and loosening his grip. The same scenario occurs multiple times, until Jolyne steals one of Viviano's boots and hits him with it by putting it in the path of one of his meteorites, followed by a headbutt with Stone Free.

Stand Name: Planet Waves is the Stand granted to Viviano Westwood by Whitesnake, featured in Stone Ocean. Despite having a humanoid body, Planet Waves is not shown personally fighting, thus its physical capabilities are unknown. However, its power over meteoroids makes it dangerous to fight head-on and in the open. Planet Waves draws distant meteoroids toward its user, colliding with any person or object within their vicinity. It attracts the small rocks from space, who then fall to Earth precisely toward the user with enough speed that they can tear off chunks of the body and cannot be heard until impact. Moreover, the meteoroids heat up to 3000 °C during their entry, increasing their lethality. The meteors appear in a time span of anywhere from minutes to seconds between each meteor. To protect the user in the event that a meteor would hit him, they will disintegrate just before making contact, no matter what happens during their descent. However, it can be bypassed by putting an object on the path of the meteor which will absorb the strength of the fall and hit the user with full force. Although the meteoroids Planet Waves summons are usually small, it can also attract more massive meteors to shoot them through sturdy obstacles like brick walls

Stand User: Hol Horse is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Hol Horse is a mercenary wielding Emperor, a gun Stand. He is sent by DIO to confront the Joestar Group alongside J. Geil and becomes a recurring character. First appearing as seemingly confident and smooth-talking with women, Hol Horse looks and acts like a stereotypical movie gunslinger. However, whenever he is at a disadvantage, his cowardice surfaces. As a henchman for DIO, Hol Horse's confidence fluctuates significantly. Unlike many overconfident Stand users, Hol Horse is primarily aware of how weak his Stand, Emperor, is when compared to most Stands. This knowledge combined with his affable personality (since he has no problem being a second-in-command rather than a "Number 1") makes him willing to partner up with someone else. In that case, Hol Horse is very confident that he can take on anyone. This confidence extends to whenever he can convince himself that he has the advantage, which leads to his assassination attempt on DIO with a calm determination the vampire complimented and deemed enough to prevail against the Joestar Group. On the other hand, if Hol Horse sees that he doesn't have the upper hand, he reveals his cowardly self and doesn't hesitate to flee in the face of danger. Hol Horse fled twice, for this reason; first when he learned that J. Geil was killed, and secondly when he saw the opportunity of stealing the Joestar Group's 4x4. Still, Hol Horse has a lingering pride and his first reflex, as seen against Enya the Hag and DIO, is to put up a fight if ridiculed. Hol Horse considers himself a ladies' man. By his word, he has girlfriends from all over the world, but reveals that he seduces them to make use of them later rather than from any romantic feelings. Although he almost always lies to women, Hol Horse is against hitting them. He vehemently denied Tohth's prediction of him kicking a lady from behind would come to pass, as he had sworn never to hit women. This prediction is proven later out of Hol Horse's own compulsion, though he kicked the woman to save her from a deadly scorpion. This moral standard didn't prevent Hol Horse from pointing his Stand at Enya. Hol Horse has a greedy personality, carrying out assassinations for money, and the possibility of taking DIO's treasures was one motivation for his attempt to kill DIO. Hol Horse's Stand is Emperor; a handgun over the bullets of which he maintains control of a fine degree (in a style nullifying the need for marksmanship). Hol Horse partners with J. Geil of the Stand Hanged Man, and later Boingo of the Stand Tohth, who both complement his abilities well. He says that he prefers to operate with a partner. The stand represents the Tarot Card, The Emperor, which symbolizes stability and control over one's own life, due to one's hard work, discipline and self control alone. Unlike most of DIO's henchmen Hol Horse is not imbued with a flesh bud, meaning he fights for DIO on his own will. As a result he is allowed the freedom and control to quit hunting down Jotaro and co. whenever he wants (albeit his payment is forfeit) and even strike a faux-alliance with the Crusaders when facing Enya. While he is a coward, these cowardly tendencies and satisfaction with a "second best" title enables him control of his own path, and escape the consequences of defeat at the hands of the Crusaders three times. Hol Horse also exercises a level of self control represented by The Emperor, after failing to kill DIO he accepts his ultimatum to cease or die. A courtesy few characters have ever offered, and one only Hol Horse has accepted throughout the series. Understanding his own weaknesses and staying within those lines has allowed Hol Horse to survive and thrive where other antagonists have not. The Emperor also represents wealth, reflecting Hol Horse's greedy personality. In his Stand's case, it represents his ability to control the trajectory of his bullets. Hol Horse arrives at Calcutta on elephant-back with Nena, a young girl whose marriage proposal he turns down while claiming to be thinking of her best interests. He meets with J. Geil and the two decide to kill Jean Pierre Polnareff while he is separated from the Joestar Group. The following day, Hol Horse confronts Polnareff with his Emperor Stand while J. Geil supports him through his Hanged Man. When Muhammad Avdol intervenes to save Polnareff, Hol Horse severely injures Avdol, believing him to be dead from the headshot he administered. After separating from J.Geil and the protagonists, Hol Horse catches up to Polnareff and Noriaki Kakyoin and learns that they had already killed J. Geil. Knowing he could not handle the two Stand users alone, Hol Horse flees before he's intercepted by Jotaro Kujo and Joseph Joestar. Nena's interference, however, gives him a chance to escape, with the Joestar Group deciding to let him go. Hol Horse later appears before Enya the Hag during her attempt on the Joestar Group's lives and is attacked by her as she considered him equally responsible for the death of her son, J. Geil. While seemingly killed by Enya's Stand, Hol Horse played dead until he was able to escape via the Joestar Group's vehicle, vowing to get his revenge later. Later, while reporting to DIO on Alessi's and Mariah's defeat, he tries to attack the vampire when questioned on why he is not fighting the Joestar group. He is cowed by DIO's power and, broken, swears eternal loyalty to DIO and decides to attack the Joestar group with a new partner. Hol Horse flies to Aswan to forcibly take Boingo with him for assistance in dispatching the protagonists with Tohth. On the way out of the airport, Hol Horse antagonizes a pair of men and makes them flee when he shoots one man's ear off. Afterward, he manages to convince Boingo to work with him. At first, Hol Horse is taken aback by Tohth's strange predictions but is ultimately convinced of their reliability after he kicks a woman to save her from a scorpion and is rewarded with a jewel. Hol Horse and Boingo then stalk the Joestar Group in the streets of Cairo, knowing that Hol Horse must now put his fingers in Polnareff's nose which will somehow end up in victory. Polnareff does surprise Hol Horse and almost takes him out but Boingo distracts Polnareff, allowing Hol Horse to put his fingers in Polnareff's nose. As the rest of the group comes to Polnareff, Hol Horse is forced to hide in a corner and hold Polnareff at gunpoint to force him to lie. Polnareff tips off the group and thanks to his irritated nose, manages to avoid being shot by sneezing, making Hol Horse stumble out of his hiding place. Cornered, Hol Horse is saved when the two thugs from earlier try to run him down but their truck slips on spilled oil and crashes into the heroes instead. Hol Horse and Boingo retreat behind another corner and see that Hol Horse will shoot into a pipe at noon exactly and put bullets through Jotaro's head. Nervous and eager, Hol Horse ends up shooting too early into the pipe and Jotaro Kujo is saved when Polnareff sneezes again on his face, making him back out of the bullet's path in disgust. The operation goes horribly awry as Tohth's prediction backfires on them, ending with Emperor's own bullets hitting Hol Horse right in the face, just as he realizes the time on his watch was advanced. While severe, the bullet wounds stop just short of his skull with Hol Horse hospitalized for the remainder of the story. Hol Horse also appears in the two-parter episodes "The Emperor and the Hanged Man" and "The Judgement", a straight adaptation of his manga debut. His last appearances are in the Enya the Hag two-parter episodes which adapt her manga chapters as well. The scene where Hol Horse enters DIO's castle and attempts to shoot him happens before the group faces Enya. Unlike in the manga, at the end of the "Justice" episode of the OVA, Hol Horse is rendered comatose but still alive, and does not hinder the Joestar group any further. Hol Horse appears multiple times throughout this game re-enacting most of his moments from the series. His final encounter with the player has him teaming up with Mariah to try and take Jotaro and the others down. Hol Horse appears in the second revision of the game and possesses two different versions of himself, one where he is allied with J. Geil and Hanged Man; and the other where he is allied with Boingo and Tohth, due to what happens to him in the story. While normal Hol Horse is readily available, Hol Horse's "Boingo" version must be unlocked via code. In the first version of the game (JoJo's Venture), a few sprites of Hol Horse can be found within the game's data, showing that he was at one point planned instead to debut in the first version. If he defeats the Joestar party while partnered up with J. Geil, the arrogant cowboy will turn on DIO (in his Shadow Form) and defeat him, though still admitting he prefers to be a second-in-command. On the other hand, if the humbled Hol Horse partnered with Boingo defeats the party, DIO grants him a cash sum substantial enough for Hol to "live happily ever after", while Boingo decides to use his Stand to help people. Hol Horse ("& Boingo" version) appears to be able to use his Stand after being de-aged by Alessi, implying he either was born or developed his Stand at a young age. As Hol Horse lacks an "active" Stand, pressing the Stand button has him fire a bullet that briefly stops in midair, moving in whatever direction the player inputs during this time. The delay is significantly shorter for the "& Boingo" version of Hol Horse. Predictably, most of Hol Horse's strategies revolve around utilizing his gun (Emperor) to harass his opponents from the distance. He possesses no Active Stand, which renders him extremely vulnerable to chip damage (which having a Stand active would normally block) and forces the player take a more aggressive role, or at the very least avoid attacks instead of blocking them. His Glass Shower move is excellent for denying aerial attacks and forcing opponents backwards, while Hanged Man (normal Hol Horse only) can help Hol by stabbing his opponent in the leg and paralyzing them while they are on the ground. While all of Hol's super techniques are very usable, the one that shines the most is his Dangan no Modou, which allows him to fire a bullet and freely control it with the joystick for a few moments. This attack is completely unblockable, and can be used repeatedly until Hol's super gauge is empty. This is a great way of finishing off an enemy who is playing defensively or just equalizing an opponent who has more energy than you. Dangan no Modou In summary, Hol Horse shines at medium range, as his close quarters attacks are less than impressive, and his bullets become easy to avoid from across the screen. Aggressive gameplay is the way to go with him, as most of his delays give enough buffer to link together attacks. Keep the pressure on with plenty of straight shots (be sure to mix-up between high and low to keep your opponent guessing—all of your bullets CAN be steered to hit high or low, and your enemy has to block them correctly!) and use the Glass Shower to cover your tracks when they try to rush. Hanged Man is great for opening your opponent to a world of hurt from your bullets, but if you're with Boingo, you may have to attack carefully or be on the defensive. Or, you can just experiment with his moveset and make your own strategy, as his techniques allow for a great deal of flexibility depending on who your opponent is. Hol Horse returns as a playable character in the PS3 title. He was confirmed along with Avdol and DIO as one of the last Part 3 characters (not counting DLC characters Iggy and Vanilla Ice). He is voiced by Hōchū Ōtsuka in this game, who previously voiced young Joseph Joestar in the Capcom game. Along with Enrico Pucci, Kosaku-Kira, Johnny Joestar, Koichi Hirose, and Giorno Giovanna, Hol Horse is a character who can utilize more than one Stand during a match as part of his moveset; Emperor, and The Hanged Man of J. Geil, who is never shown aside from it. Some of his attacks return from the Capcom game (Heritage for the Future), though he is otherwise newly outfitted with different abilities. Despite being one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Hol Horse cannot switch between movesets, nor does he have access to the Stand Rush ability. He shares this effect with Guido Mista and Diavolo. Instead, Hol Horse's Style button triggers the skill "Gun beats sword", wherein he trick-spins Emperor as it glows, enhancing the next skill marked with a star. Said abilities can be instantly performed following the skill. Stand Rush Gun beats sword During a fight, Hol Horse uses moves that were loosely based on those featured in Stardust Crusaders. Exclusive to Hol Horse is the passive ability "Hol Horse loves the ladies!". Whenever he faces off against a female opponent (Lisa Lisa, Jolyne Cujoh, or Ermes Costello), Hol Horse will have special dialogue with them as he attempts to flirt, only to be met by repulsion. An icon will display above his Heart Heat Gauge depicting a yellow silhouette of his head as a pink heart appears in the smoke of his cigarette. During battle, Hol Horse's attack power is reduced, but his HHG builds faster. Hol Horse loves the ladies! Hol Horse's HHA, "Eat this! ", begins with him spitting his cigarette up into the air shortly before he fires a volley of 4 to 10 bullets, dependent on whether or not an attack button was rapidly pressed. Each bullet comes back around to hit again before disappearing for a total of 8 to 20 hits. The last hit will knock the opponent to the ground, and Hol Horse will catch his cigarette back in his mouth. The HHA will deal more damage if "Gun beats sword" is in effect, making the bullets hit yet another time. Eat this! Hol Horse's GHA, "Hol Horse is gonna kill ya! ", starts with him throwing an empty glass bottle into the air and shooting it. If the opponent is caught in the shard rain, Hanged Man will appear in the mirror world in front of them and stab them in the shoulder, immobilizing them and prompting Hol Horse to shoot. Hol Horse complying happily, he fires a bullet that curves and dances around the falling glass shards before finally flying with high speed straight toward its target: the opponent's forehead. The GHA can hit a downed opponent, but cannot hit at point-blank or close range. Hol Horse is gonna kill ya! Besides the cast from Part 3 (not counting Old Joseph, Iggy, and Vanilla Ice, all of whom are DLC), Hol Horse has special intro dialogue with Guido Mista, wherein Hol Horse decides to see which one of the two is the faster gunman, a challenge that Mista accepts. If Hol Horse wins, he'll note that, unlike Mista, his bullets are also part of his Stand. If Mista wins, he'll note how funny of a guy Hol Horse is. Hol Horse appears as one of the several Part 3 characters who possess a Metal Striker. His FINISH move makes his Stand, Emperor, appear and shoot several times at the defeated opponent. Hol Horse was confirmed for the game alongside Polnareff. As a Stand User, Hol Horse is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. If he is set up against Mista he will note their similar abilities. Unlike the previous game, Hol Horse's main color is now based on his anime appearance. He is paired with Yukako Yamagishi in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Jotaro Kujo and Vanilla Ice.

Stand Name: Emperor is the Stand of Hol Horse, featured in Stardust Crusaders. As a gun Stand, Emperor functions as a weapon for Hol Horse. Due to its straightforward nature, Hol Horse must compensate through cooperation with allies to gain the upper hand. The characteristic ability of Emperor, and its most dangerous is its ability to freely control the trajectory of its bullets as they are also a part of the Stand. Hol Horse is able to control the bullets with enough precision that he was able to circle Silver Chariot's sword with no lag time, do a u-turn, and have them navigate through a narrow conduit without seeing them. However, since they are still part of Emperor, the bullets are still subject to limited range; although having a better-than-average range for a Close-Range Stand, Emperor's effectiveness still drops rapidly as the bullets reach the limits of that range. One of the lesser properties of Emperor is that Hol Horse summons it directly in his hand. It allows him to perform sneak attacks and in a contest of summoning speed, Hol Horse is able to attack first.

Stand User: Anjuro Katagiri is a minor antagonist appearing in Diamond is Unbreakable. Anjuro is a hardened criminal made a Stand User by Keicho Nijimura whose presence prompts Jotaro Kujo to come to Morioh to arrest him. He then tries to attack the Higashikata Family and battles both Jotaro and Josuke Higashikata. His Stand is the water-based Aqua Necklace. Angelo is a notorious criminal having seemingly no standards, with some even saying that he is cursed to be an evil man who doesn't care about other people's lives. While he agrees with everything said about him, he doesn't feel the need to change and continues engaging in his crimes. He doesn't take the blame for his actions, at one point blaming Josuke for his grandfather's death when it was Angelo who killed him, saying Josuke didn't watch him so it was all his fault. Angelo also displays sexual depravity, guilty of raping three young boys and planning to rape Tomoko Higashikata. He has a disgust towards people who he believes are cocky and enjoys seeing these people in agony. He is highly intelligent, having an IQ of 160, which he demonstrated along with patience by waiting for it to rain before striking Jotaro and Josuke. He states when things go his way, he feels like laughing from the bottom of his heart. As such, he is virtually immoral and enjoys committing as many murders as possible while not being caught from the law. When finally defeated, he demonstrates hypocrisy and cowardice, saying that Josuke didn't have the right to judge him when Angelo himself did the exact same things. Anjuro is able to control a water-bound Stand, Aqua Necklace, which has the ability to take control or kill anyone whose body it enters, shapeshift, and maintain itself even as vapor. At the age of 12, Angelo was convicted for robbery and rape, and since then spent 20 years in prison. He became known as one of the biggest criminals in Japan, having been guilty of the rape and murder of three boys, on March 1994. He was eventually arrested by Ryohei Higashikata, and obtained his stand in prison from  Keicho Nijimura using the Bow and Arrow. He was hung in October, but was unable to die and escapes two weeks later after the failed execution. Once out of prison, Angelo goes on a killing spree, getting people to drink his watery stand before using it to cause their heads to be torn apart from within, as well as possessing people's bodies to commit crimes. Angelo was detected by Hermit Purple as a man representing danger to Josuke Higashikata. Angelo met Josuke after his plan to use an ordinary man to commit a robbery was foiled by Josuke. As an act of vengeance against Josuke and Ryohei, Angelo tricked and killed Ryohei, planning to do the same to Josuke before assaulting his mother. Angelo waited until a rainy day came to get an advantage over Jotaro and Josuke in Josuke's home. He was eventually defeated and smashed to pieces by Crazy Diamond's fists into a rock. Josuke then restored him and the rock at the same time, fusing them. Angelo then tried to take a child as a hostage with his stand, but insulted Josuke's hair and, as a result, Josuke fused him even further with the rock, effectively turning Angelo into a hideous statue that becomes a historical landmark for Morioh. Josuke eventually waved to Angelo when passing by the rock, a habit Koichi Hirose also developed to imitate Josuke. Angelo makes his game debut as a playable character in Diamond Records.

Stand Name: Aqua Necklace is the Stand of Anjuro "Angelo" Katagiri, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Aqua Necklace manifests itself as a short humanoid with eyes drawn through its body. Its design references the Dogū figurines of the late Jōmon period. It usually appears in a liquid form of variable size, one time as tall as a child, another small enough to fit inside a flask. There has been no traces of personality shown, though Angelo will occasionally speak through it. Befitting its aqueous nature, Aqua Necklace is generally portrayed as being blue. However the live-action movie makes it transparent. Particularly evasive and versatile because of its liquid state, Aqua Necklace remains lethal as it still has the power to tear through someone's innards. It is highly dangerous and it entering the body is practically a death warrant. It is, however, unable to break through a rubber glove and any damage applied to it still transfers to Anjuro Katagiri who himself must remain close to command his Stand. Aqua Necklace may disguise itself as any kind of liquid and take on their properties. It is usually water but the Stand has been shown to adopt the guise of brandy or even vapor in which case he acts like a sentient cloud. Because of that, it is unaffected by conventional attacks like punches and can simply reform itself. Anjuro uses that power to trick people into drinking Aqua Necklace and then either kill them by ravaging the inside of the body or use its secondary power. Aqua Necklace is capable of possessing people from the inside to control them by easily forcing himself into the body through its victim's mouth. While inside, he has control over its victim and can act through them, at one point taking someone hostage for fun.

Stand User: Noriaki Kakyoin is a core ally in Stardust Crusaders. Kakyoin is a Japanese student who was brainwashed by DIO during an earlier trip to Egypt and is sent to kill Jotaro Kujo. After being freed from DIO's influence, he decides to join Jotaro on his quest to Egypt to save Jotaro's mother and find redemption. Kakyoin is a Stand User and wields the long-ranged Hierophant Green. Noriaki Kakyoin is first introduced as an evil and cruel teenager because of DIO's brainwashing. Thus he remorselessly attacks unrelated civilians and adopts a might makes right mindset. However, he reveals himself as a righteous, though blunt individual. Kakyoin is ruthless with his enemies but loyal to his companions. His reason for joining the Joestar Group is for both fighting evil, as he mirrors Jotaro's own explanations for saving his life, and of course a sense of debt toward Jotaro for saving his life. Thus Kakyoin is also a brave individual, willingly participating in the dangerous journey to Egypt, and is also able to keep his nerves even in the direst situations such as having been punched through by The World. Kakyoin is noted by Araki to be "the honor student type", and thus can be described as haughty and somewhat introverted. Though he normally keeps a polite and somewhat formal behavior, Kakyoin is a rather cold and prideful man. He hates bowing down or brown-nosing. The humiliation of having been weak enough to bow to DIO was a part of his motivation for seeking redemption and revenge during Stardust Crusaders. Kakyoin mentions he could never relate to people because of his ability, and thus never desired to make friends for most of his life. He thinks only respectable individuals are able to be friends of his. The Joestar Group is the only group with whom he has attached himself, but he cares very strongly for them. Araki himself mentions that if it weren't for their Stands, Kakyoin and Jotaro wouldn't have been friends. Kakyoin has shown to lighten up with Polnareff, although he can also be very brutal and vindictive, having elbowed Polnareff too as a "reconciliation". His attitude is notably worse with his enemies, whom he frequently threatens and belittles, and during his fights, he is very ruthless against them. Both as a hero and an antagonist, Kakyoin is particularly violent as he remorselessly kills all of his opponents (ripping Tower of Gray without qualm), arguing that they were evil beyond redemption; moreover he viciously takes revenge on Mannish Boy by forcing him to eat his own excrement, the first and only time he took exception. Kakyoin has stated that if he were to fall in love, he would fall in love with someone like Holy, who gives off the feeling that anything will be alright and can calm anyone's hearts, making them feel at ease. Kakyoin's long-range humanoid Stand is Hierophant Green; able to extend tentacle-like limbs or unravel to a modest extent; as well as fire a barrage of hard projectiles (an "Emerald Splash"). He is often seen shouting his signature attack (like the Emerald Splash) in fights. Kakyoin is, due to a lifetime of possessing Hierophant Green, quite proficient at using it. Although it is mostly seen as a humanoid, Kakyoin states that its true form is that of a bunch of strings; as such one of his key tactics is to secretly unravel Hierophant Green's tentacles while keeping the main body as a distraction. Thanks to that, Kakyoin can infiltrate bodies, suddenly avoid attacks by unraveling his Stand, use the strings as ropes, and even perform piercing attacks. However, Hierophant Green's otherwise straightforward Emerald Splash does not lend itself to imaginative use of it. About two to three months prior to the start of Part 3, Kakyoin was approached by DIO while traveling in Egypt with his family. DIO, having sensed Kakyoin's Stand powers, asked for a demonstration which led to them fighting. When Kakyoin lost, he was brainwashed into following DIO's will via buds from DIO's own cells and given the mission to kill Jotaro Kujo. Kakyoin returned to Japan around the same time as Jotaro left prison and attended the same school as Jotaro. Kakyoin carries out DIO's orders on his first meeting with Jotaro. He manipulates the school nurse with his Hierophant Green, using her to attack Jotaro, but Jotaro defeats him and ends up dragging him home, both considerably injured. Jotaro soon discovers that Kakyoin was under DIO's influence and uses Star Platinum to remove DIO's implant from Kakyoin's head - despite the risk that it might openly attack both of them. Kakyoin is freed from DIO's control as a result and joins Jotaro, Joseph Joestar, and Muhammad Avdol on their trip to Egypt to fight DIO. At the beginning of the trip, the group is attacked by Gray Fly, whose Tower of Gray proves to be a match even for Star Platinum. Trying to prevent the fight to take down the plane, Kakyoin knocks out Gray Fly and volunteers to fight the Stand by himself, tearing it apart with his Stand. The group is nonetheless forced to go to Hong Kong. In Singapore, Kakyoin proves to be a useful ally, but Joseph's Hermit Purple says that he is a spy, making everyone suspicious of him. In the end, it is revealed that the spy was actually Rubber Soul posing as Kakyoin, who separated from the group for unknown reasons. Returning to the group, Jotaro then tells Kakyoin about the battle and his impersonator. In Calcutta, Jean Pierre Polnareff is attacked by Hol Horse and J. Geil he is saved by Kakyoin and Avdol, but not before the latter is almost killed. Kakyoin proceeds to fight Hanged Man alongside Polnareff and discovers its true ability and tricks the Stand into having only one place to go: a coin. This makes Polnareff be able to finally defeat him and avenge his sister. In the desert of Araby, the group is attacked by Arabia Fats' Sun, who proves to be even more powerful than Hierophant Green and forces Kakyoin to cancel his attack on the Stand. He bursts out in laughter after figuring out Arabia's trick. Later, Kakyoin becomes the first target of Death Thirteen and is the first to realize that Mannish Boy is a Stand user. Though the rest of the group don't believe him and come to believe he has succumbed to stress, Kakyoin is ultimately able to defeat Death 13 inside a dream by bringing Hierophant Green with him. He then teaches Mannish Boy a lesson by mixing some of the baby's own poop with the baby food. In the Red Sea, Kakyoin participates to the fight against High Priestess and manages to reach Egypt. "The Genesis of Universe: One-Way Trip from Desert To Hell" Even with his injured eyes, getting worse with the sun, Kakyoin manages to save Avdol from Absalom's Satanic Coupler. Kakyoin eventually goes to Cairo and finds a nearly dead Iggy recovering from his fight against Pet Shop. He then regroups with the heroes just before they reach DIO's mansion and is the first to face Telence T. D'Arby in a video game competition with his soul on the line. They play a racing game that Kakyoin is familiar with, and Kakyoin even uses Hierophant Green's speed and agility to accomplish complicated moves via the game controller. Ultimately, however, he loses and his soul is placed inside a small doll until Telence is defeated, at which point it is released again. Later he confronts DIO and traps him inside a bound field of his Stand's tentacles. With this setup, he claims that he is able to detect and punish even the tiniest movement from DIO while being safely outside the range of his stand. However, The World's ability to stop time allows DIO to bypass the trap and deliver a fatal punch to Kakyoin through his abdomen. Before dying, he manages to leave a message in the form of a destroyed clock tower via his last Emerald Splash, enabling Joseph, Jotaro, and Polnareff to figure out DIO's Stand ability. Kakyoin appears as a supporting character for the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure world, where the player can talk to him in order to obtain some information. Kakyoin is one of the six main playable characters. Much like the manga, the events from Kakyoin's debut makes him appear as an antagonist and fight against Jotaro (first using the School Nurse to attack Jotaro and then fighting by himself). After the battle Kakyoin joins the group and can be used as a playable character. During a fight, Kakyoin uses Hierophant Green's elasticity to attack the opponents and its Emerald Splash as a super attack. Unlike in the source material, one can keep Kakyoin alive all throughout the game, even avoiding his death at DIO's hands depending on if he has HP left after the battle. Kakyoin appears as a playable character in the Capcom game, and his gameplay is primarily designed for defense. It is noteworthy that even in the video games (excluding the Super Famicom RPG), especially in the fighting game made by Capcom, Kakyoin's fate in his own storyline is to apparently die, whereas other characters have more pleasant endings (except Midler, who also dies, but by DIO's hands). However, because of how the dialogue was done in the game, some may argue that it could be open-ended, suggesting a possibility of his survival. The ending seems to imply that Kakyoin died on the trip home inside the airplane, due to the wounds he suffered in the battle with DIO (he unleashes a barrage of knives and one of them hits Kakyoin before DIO himself is decimated from the crossfire), and him keeping quiet about it. This could be otherwise explained as fainting or severe weakening, in the absence of solid illustration that he did die. On the other hand, New Kakyoin's storyline in the game confirms his death, just as it occurred in the original storyline from the manga. The endings where Kakyoin survives the adventure are in Iggy's and Avdol's storylines. This is because DIO attacks Iggy or Avdol before going after Jotaro, Kakyoin, and Joseph. Easily one of the most powerful and mindgame-rich character, Kakyoin can take almost anyone on, provided he can properly zone, bait and punish. This allows him to provide a serious challenge to powerful characters like Jotaro and DIO. He has limited options up close, but is a very dangerous character played with range. With the Stand activated, he can dash and double jump in the air. He also has one of the longest reaches in terms of physical attacks - particularly with his Stand attack. His command throws likewise inflict significant damage depending on button presses. His most powerful ability is the Mystic Trap, which can easily pick out careless opponents for a consistent punishing, especially with his 20m Radius Emerald Splash. Players using Kakyoin must remember, even though this makes him quite an unfair character, that distance is the key. He has plentiful techniques for striking back, punishing or even ticking. In the arcade version, he has considerable offense power but is slightly slow. This was changed in the PlayStation port and the updated arcade version, but at the price of losing damage strength. He also gained a new super move that helped him in his offensives. Additionally, his appearance with sunglasses (a result of his encounter with N'Doul) is named New Kakyoin (lit. "Kakyoin who overcame his fears") in the Japanese version of the game, having different attack methods and physics offsetting him from the original. New Kakyoin loses his mobility, some moves, and some range, making him substantially inferior in comparison to his original self. Kakyoin appears as a special attack for Jotaro's 5-KOMA, where he shows up on the screen, ahead Jotaro and attack the enemies with Hierophant Green's Emerald Splash. Kakyoin returns as Jotaro 5-KOMA's special attack. But he also appears during the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure world intro, along with the others Part 3: Stardust Crusaders protagonists. Kakyoin, voiced by Kōji Yusa, returns as a playable character in the PS3 title. Most of his attacks are similar to those from the Capcom game (Heritage for the Future). As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Kakyoin can turn Hierophant Green on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush During a fight, Kakyoin can use several different attacks that were featured in Stardust Crusaders. While Hierophant Green is off: While Hierophant Green is on: Kakyoin's normal attacks are different from others in that they can also attack at medium and long ranges. Medium attack summons Hierophant Green to strike with its tentacle in a straight line, hitting at medium-long range and acting as a form of anti-air if performed while in mid-air. His Heavy attack sends out a short-ranged Emerald Splash, splays tentacles downward while in mid-air, or uses tentacles to knock the opponent upward while crouching. Kakyoin's HHA, "Time for your punishment! ", has Hierophant Green shoot out its tentacles from a high point at a downward angle. If it connects, Hierophant Green will enter the enemy's mouth and damage them internally with enough strength to force them into the air (similar to his assault on Death Thirteen). Time for your punishment! Kakyoin's GHA is his "20m Radius Emerald Splash". Hierophant Green fires a large number of Emeralds covered in its tentacles. If they hit the opponent, Kakyoin deploys a 20m radius barrier field around them made of Hierophant Green's tentacles. The opponent is promptly sent bouncing around the field in all directions by a combination Hierophant Green's Emerald Splashes and its tentacles' slingshot properties, before being strung up. Hierophant Green takes this chance to charge an immensely powerful Emerald Splash and fires it at point-blank range (showing the ability's functions had DIO not stopped time and avoided it during the final battle of Part 3). 20m Radius Emerald Splash Kakyoin's battle introduction is him lowering his sunglasses before raising them back up (similar to his re-introduction to the group after his recovery from the hospital, minus the visible scars across his eyes). Kakyoin possesses an alternate costume based on his first appearance in the manga (with his hair slicked further back and him wearing his scarf). Kakyoin is also a character who made an incredible achievement in the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle League, being eliminated in the F Group. He was the character most voted to rejoin the League, coming back into G Group (notably composed of only antagonists) and won the battle afterward, making his way to the finals. Kakyoin's Metal Striker appears as one of the several available Part 3 Metal Strikers characters. His FINISH move causes Hierophant Green to appear and unleash an Emerald Splash on the defeated opponent. Kakyoin was one of the first confirmed characters for the game (alongside Part 2 Joseph, Caesar, Stroheim, Jotaro, Josuke and Diego). As a Stand User, Kakyoin is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. Since most of the game's animation and attacks were re-used from All Star Battle, Kakyoin's moveset remains the mostly the same: A distanced character who utilizes many long-ranged attacks and can set traps with Hierophant Green's Barrier. A unique characteristic of Kakyoin is that he is one of the only two characters in the game whose Normal Attacks consists entirely of projectiles, the other being Johnny Joestar, enforcing his projectile-focused playstyle. With Kakyoin, he can string together minor Emerald Splashes with finite range, both on the ground and in mid-air. In the game's first demo, Kakyoin is Jotaro's default partner, with the latter being the only player-controlled fighter in the first demo. Jotaro and Kakyoin are the only two characters who have appeared in both demos. Kakyoin is the only returning character in the game whose appearance in the anime has not affected his general color scheme coming from All Star Battle, due to the anime using a very similar color scheme. In the game's parallel continuity, Kakyoin, along with Avdol and Iggy, is resurrected from death under mysterious circumstances. Introduced along with the crusader's own revived enemy, N'Doul, he attacks Jotaro, Joseph and Polnareff on the rooftops of Cairo. After being defeated, Kakyoin's alignment is restored by a time-travelling Robert E. O. Speedwagon through use of the Saint's Corpse. Upon awakening, Kakyoin warns the group of DIO's weakness despite Jotaro having already defeated the vampire. Once he and the group learn of Speedwagon's origins, and the recent phenomenon caused by the corpses' appearance through the time and space, they decide to help Speedwagon to retrieve the corpse parts and recruit allies from various timelines. At the end of Part 4's chapter, Kakyoin and the group meet up to discuss the true culprit behind the phenomenon. They are shocked to learn that it was DIO, deeming impossible for him to be revived and masterminding this event. Because of the new reality introduced by the game, Kakyoin and his injured allies survive the fight against the godly foe and live on, though hospitalized for a while. He is paired with Pannacotta Fugo in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Pet Shop and Kars. In the semifinals, Kakyoin returns to the tournament, paired with Jotaro. However, they are eliminated by Kars and Pet Shop in the first round. Kakyoin was one of the characters first confirmed during the game's announcement.

Stand Name: Hierophant Green is the Stand of Noriaki Kakyoin, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Hierophant Green is an elastic and remote Stand, capable of being deployed far away from its user and performing actions from a distance. Kakyoin has possessed this Stand since birth. Hierophant Green Hierophant Green appears to not have a personality, serving Kakyoin without hesitation or question, even seeming to act as Kakyoin's mouthpiece; although Kakyoin mentions that it hates wide open spaces and enjoys ripping things apart, such a trait is never shown. It represents the Tarot Card The Hierophant, which represents the bridge between Heaven and Earth, relating to the Stand's long-range abilities. Hierophant Green is the very first Long-Distance Stand shown in the series, and it has a large number of abilities to assist it in combat and scouting. However, the Stand is relatively weak in direct hand-to-hand combat, as a trade-off for its great distance-based abilities. As such, Kakyoin can control how Hierophant Green unravels, creating strong ropes or unraveling them into invisible strings. A single string has the ability to sense when someone is touching it and can attack either automatically or at Kakyoin's command. When a string is broken, Kakyoin is unharmed, but attacking a sufficient number of them or Hierophant Green's main body will harm him. Hierophant Green is capable of sliding its coils into a person's body, allowing Kakyoin complete control of that person. This serves to protect Hierophant Green and Kakyoin from attacks if his opponent is someone unwilling to harm the innocent. Additionally, he can completely destroy the controlled being's air passage as he emerges, as well as the host's internal organs. When this ability is first used, Kakyoin is shown holding a marionette by the strings, but it is unknown if this is actually part of the ability, or just for dramatic effect. Emerald Splash is Hierophant Green's most powerful ability. It gathers energy into its body, causing it to glow bright green, before firing off a large amount of energy which takes the form of emeralds. Before the blast is fired, a green slime-like material (water-like in the anime) is produced by Hierophant Green's hands, a byproduct of the large amount of energy the attack is giving off. Emerald Splash The blast's range and shotgun-like dispersion, along with its incredible destructive power and high speed, make Hierophant Green an extremely capable combatant. Interestingly, it seems that though this blast is quite powerful, it doesn't seem taxing on either Kakyoin or Hierophant Green. However, the likes of Star Platinum or even a Vampire can easily block or deviate the attack.

Stand User: Giorno Giovanna is the protagonist of Vento Aureo. He is the fifth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. As the illegitimate son of DIO, conceived with Jonathan Joestar's stolen body, Giorno Giovanna, first introduced as Haruno Shiobana, is a half-Japanese teenager living in ItalyW. He speaks of his intention to join the powerful gang Passione and his dream of becoming a "Gang-Star" (combining "Gangster" and "Joestar") to restore virtue to the corrupt mafia. Giorno is a natural-born Stand User wielding the powerful life-giver Gold Experience in battle. Giorno's childhood was filled with unhappiness and loneliness due to bullies and the abuse by his stepfather. During his early childhood, he was initially cold and uncaring towards anyone and believed himself to be scum just for the way people treated him. Those that knew him easily thought he'd grow up to become a twisted individual. This changed when he befriended an injured gangster he saved. As the man protected Giorno from those that did him wrong in return for his aid, he learned that he could trust people. Since then, he has become a more confident and solicitous person. A defining characteristic of Giorno, and shared among his peers through him, is his resolve; something that can be described as his ability to make important decisions without hesitation and seeing them through to the very end, even in the face of pain, sorrow, and tragedy. Throughout Part 5, Giorno's resolve is such that in the heat of battle, he is frequently willing to allow himself to be injured if it leads to an advantageous situation. An ambitious individual, he readily takes any occasion to achieve his final goal of becoming a "Gang-Star". Upon beginning to cooperate with Passione gangster Bruno Bucciarati, Giorno wastes no time in infiltrating the gang, and steadily works his way up the ranks. His assassination of Polpo was partially a way to get a promotion for Bucciarati. Later, Giorno also tried to personally approach the Boss of Passione, and planned to plant a tracking device on him. Being a very serious teenager, Giorno's mind doesn't stray off the path from his mission and the goals he's set for himself. However, Giorno has occasionally thought about more mundane subjects such as the delicious margherita pizza from Naples, right before being attacked by Notorious B.I.G. Giorno tends to approach many things with a calm demeanor, and demonstrates immense composure even when confronted by dangers he might not understand completely, with Koichi describing him as having a 'shining serenity' in place of where most apprehension should be. However, he can still become anxious when things go south. Giorno rarely allows his anger to get the best of him, but shows moments of tranquil, if not oppressive fury against certain enemies. At his worst, Giorno becomes desperate for solutions to problems, and can be seen yelling and breaking out in sweat when emotionally distressed, though he never reaches a level of panic to become reckless or impetuous.

Stand Name: Gold Experience is the Stand of Giorno Giovanna, featured in Vento Aureo. When climactically pierced with the Arrow, it forms into Gold Experience Requiem. Gold Experience doesn't have any personality to speak of and follows its user's commands without manifesting any will. Its Stand Cry (seemingly communicated by itself or by Giorno, alternately) is "Muda Muda Muda~! ", like DIO and his Stand, The World. Gold Experience is a close-range Stand, with a range of 2 meters from its user. Unlike similar Stands such as Star Platinum or Crazy Diamond, Gold Experience is not particularly strong. Despite this, it is rather fast and though an individual punch from it has roughly the same force of an average man, it can still launch a barrage of them. It's shown being capable of easily destroying vehicles such as cars and motorcycles. Gold Experience does, however, possess a very versatile power. Gold Experience can endow anything its fists touch with life, which translates into a variety of different effects. This ability's most featured use is converting inorganic objects into living organisms, be it an animal or a plant. For instance, it can transform a piece of luggage into a frog or a lighter into a rose. The lifeforms can persist for a long time and even a significant distance from Giorno. It can also freely cancel this effect and return an object to its original inorganic state. The speed of the transformation varies wildly, depending on the desired form: an object morphing into a plant is always shown to be fast, but animals generally take more time. Thus, transforming parts of a helicopter into a tree is nearly instantaneous and violent enough that the branches can burst through metal, but transforming a rubber lifesaver into a fish takes a noticeable amount of time. Giorno has also instantaneously transformed drops of his blood into a swarm of ants, suggesting that the transformation time is proportional to the complexity of the life form he creates. Giorno frequently produces small life forms (frogs, snakes, flies) and plants of which he has no control. Thus, when he creates an animal, he has to guess what the animal is likely to do in order to take advantage of it. Since the animals do not always act the way he predicts, like when a snake accidentally burns itself on a lighter, using them can prove detrimental. Notably, however, life forms created from parts of a whole, such as someone’s tooth or debris from a statue, will naturally make their way back to whatever it came from, such as when Giorno transformed Narancia’s shoe into a fly so that he could be tracked. If the environment is absolutely unsuitable for life, such as when White Album decreased the temperature of the environment to around -100 °C, then Giorno cannot transform objects into lifeforms. Initially, when any of the created life forms were attacked, the damage would be reflected back at the attacker, including Stand abilities. For instance, Luca had tried to smash a frog with his shovel only for his head to be bashed instead. The transformation was also originally portrayed similarly to a fetus growing into an organism, but was eventually finalized as an object molding into Giorno's desired life form. Gold Experience's ability can also be applied to living individuals, causing their thought processes to greatly accelerate. When Bruno Bucciarati was hit by one of Gold Experience's punches, his consciousness accelerated to such a point that he perceived everything else to move slowly. However, his body did not follow the sudden surge of speed and could hardly move, and Bucciarati had an out-of-body experience as his consciousness separated itself. While it heightens the senses of its victims as well, it also means that the then-defenseless body will feel a much more acute and intense pain over a much longer period of time when injury is taken; a punch to the face from Gold Experience that lasted a brief instant was perceived by Bucciarati as lasting much longer, even long enough for him to think full sentences and internally describe the sensation of pain as he's being punched. Though only shown once, Gold Experience can also speed up an already-existing life form's life through its ability. Thus, he caused a tree to wither and expire immediately as a result of a greatly shortened lifespan. Also shown once is its ability to even clone organisms. During Bruno's fight against Diavolo, Giorno recreates Coco Jumbo from afar, using its Stand ability to temporarily trap Diavolo inside the turtle. Inspired by Baby Face's ability to transform body parts into inert cubes, Giorno discovered that he could do the reverse and create singular body parts and organs out of inorganic matter. Thus he is able to heal gruesome wounds through various means. In one instance, he transforms bullets into the very flesh they pierced and grew back one of his hands out of a brooch. The process of replacing lost organs and flesh with created ones is noted to be painful, although neither Giorno nor Narancia react when this ability is used on them, with only Mista feeling any sort of pain from the process when Giorno heals him. Thanks to Gold Experience's mastery over life, Giorno can sense life itself. Giorno himself claims that life energy to him exists in "clusters". When he touches someone or something, he can sense other lifeforms from within, allowing him to check if someone is alive or even determine how many souls there may be inside a given vessel. He also planned to track Diavolo by planting a brooch given life on the latter to sense it from afar and stalk the Boss. Giorno also applied this ability by touching the plane that Team Bucciarati planned on flying to Sardinia in, making sure that nobody was inside before any of them boarded.

Stand User: Ken Oyanagi, originally referred to as Rock-Paper-Scissors Kid, is a minor antagonist appearing in Diamond is Unbreakable. Ken is an ordinary child made into a Stand user by Yoshihiro Kira and prompted into challenging Rohan Kishibe in a game of rock-paper-scissors in which the latter must gamble his own Stand. Ken's ability is named Boy II Man. Ken's wish is to become an adult who is respected just as much as Rohan. He has no real knowledge of Stands at the start, but he quickly learns more as the match progresses. He is decisive in his actions, willing to sacrifice himself after being defeated and taking a baby hostage to get another match against Rohan. He heavily believes that luck is on his side. Rohan describes him as a typical bouncy kid with an ordinary life and no family problems upon using Heaven's Door on him. Boy II Man is a Stand who enables Ken to steal someone's Stand when the latter participates in a game of rock-paper-scissors 5 rounds long with him and loses. Each round lost causes the victim to lose a third of their power to Ken. An ultimate win from the victim's part gives back the full Stand. Ken fell off a telephone pole, resulting in a hole in his left cheek. This hole was likely caused by the Stand-creating Arrow that Yoshihiro Kira used to create new Stand users in Morioh. Being a huge janken (Rock Paper Scissors) fan, he challenges famous mangaka Rohan Kishibe after running into him. Rohan, very annoyed by his presence, uses Heaven's Door to cheat and chase him away, but Ken appears again, and Rohan plays a game in the hopes that if Ken wins, he will leave him alone. However, Ken's main intention was to win over Rohan's "mind power" by defeating him in janken, as he believes it means he would surpass him as a person as well. When he finally wins after several defeats, his Stand absorbs a little of Rohan's Stand power and starts to learn about Stands. He is tricked by Rohan in their last match, who teaches him how to surpass himself and turn luck to his side instead of just relying on it. Thinking it was unfair, he takes Shizuka hostage and Rohan agrees to battle him again, but, this time, Ken is defeated fair and square. Not accepting his defeat, he throws himself in front of a truck, but Rohan jumps with him and both are almost ran over. The truck driver misses after accidentally having his vision blocked by Yoshihiro Kira. Seeing that luck is really on Rohan's side, Ken admits defeat. Rohan then says he likes Ken because he can take decisive actions.

Stand Name: Boy II Man is the Stand of Ken Oyanagi, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Boy II Man is a Stand with no shown combat ability, and is centered around the game of rock-paper-scissors but is surprisingly threatening because of its ability to steal someone's energy through a simple game. Boy II Man's power is to steal the energy of an opponent whenever Ken wins a game of Rock Paper Scissors (RPS). If Ken proposes to play a game of RPS and the opponent formally accepts, Boy II Man sets up a best-of-five game of RPS with the following rules: Moreover, Ken also begins to acquire the same power as the Stand it is stealing. It allows him to undo one of Rohan's command and resume his game. If Ken wins three times, Yoshihiro claims that he will gain the power of the stolen Stand forever and be free to use it in conjunction with Boy II Man. Boy II Man possesses an inherent weakness in that people are allowed to cheat during the game, enabling Rohan to regain his Heaven's Door during his first gain by using the invisible Shizuka to force Ken's scissors hand into a rock hand.

Stand User: Shizuka Joestar is a minor character featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Shizuka is a baby found on the side of a road in Morioh by Joseph Joestar, who subsequently adopts her. Incidentally, she is a Stand User who can turn invisible thanks to her Achtung Baby. Shizuka is a baby of average temperament. Her Stand activates when she is startled, frightened, or distressed, rendering her invisible. She seems most comfortable when around Joseph Joestar. Shizuka's Stand, Achtung Baby, renders her invisible; as well as everything inside a certain sphere around her when particularly distressed. For unexplained reasons, Shizuka was a baby lost in Morioh, probably because of her Stand power Achtung Baby, which can turn herself and her close surroundings invisible. Upon discovering her, Joseph Joestar and Josuke Higashikata are thrown into a wild chase to find her, during which Joseph proves his worthiness to Josuke by slitting his wrist so that his blood would be able to track her location. From then on, Josuke saw his father as more than just any "old man" and instead recognized him as someone willing to place himself in danger for the sake of protecting an innocent life. She briefly appeared during the Cinderella arc being held by Joseph as he and Josuke are walking and encounter Yukako. When Joseph and Josuke go to the Kameyu department store with Koichi, Rohan, Yukako, and Koichi's mother and sister, she is startled when Rohan takes pictures with flash, forcing Josuke and Joseph to rush outside as the stress caused her to turn herself and her surroundings invisible. Joseph accidentally pushes Koichi into Yukako while trying to calm Shizuka and get out of the store. Shizuka helped Rohan Kishibe when he was attacked by Ken Oyanagi. To win the last rock-paper-scissors match, Rohan used his Heaven's Door on Shizuka to make her force Ken's hand to use rock, allowing him to win the match no matter what Ken decided to choose. She was held hostage by Ken, but Rohan convinced him to let her go in exchange for another rock-paper-scissors match. Rohan used her to defeat Ken by using his Stand to make her activate her own and make Ken throw rock instead of scissors. She goes missing after Ken's and Rohan's battle and they, Josuke and Joseph look for her. For the rest of the series, Shizuka remains mostly carried by Joseph, who had adopted her into his family despite risking the wrath of his wife Suzi Q suspecting her to be another illegitimate child of his. Her real parents were never found.

Stand Name: Achtung Baby is the Stand of Shizuka Joestar, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. While theoretically useful, Achtung Baby is in practice an inconvenience as the user is a vulnerable baby that hasn't yet learned to control her power. Achtung Baby has the power to render its user Shizuka invisible. Shown to be linked to Shizuka's stress level, hinting at the ability being a defense mechanism, Achtung Baby enables her to become invisible. In cases of great distress, it will also cause everything within a certain distance of her to become invisible, be it Joseph's hands holding her, her baby carriage or even the ground. At its full power, the invisibility will expand to a several foot-radius. The invisibility status seems to last even when affected objects leave Achtung Baby's ability range, as shown when the carriage which was carrying Shizuka had left a trail of objects with visually voided portions. Although everything under Achtung Baby's influence is invisible, they can still be detected if they emit a sound or an odor, as Joseph discovered when Shizuka defecated in his hand. By default, Shizuka is always shown to be invisible when calm, but the range of her power increases if she's startled. Should her emotional state be recovered, objects that were turned invisible by the ability will return back to normal.

Stand User: Giorno Giovanna is the protagonist of Vento Aureo. He is the fifth JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. As the illegitimate son of DIO, conceived with Jonathan Joestar's stolen body, Giorno Giovanna, first introduced as Haruno Shiobana, is a half-Japanese teenager living in ItalyW. He speaks of his intention to join the powerful gang Passione and his dream of becoming a "Gang-Star" (combining "Gangster" and "Joestar") to restore virtue to the corrupt mafia. Giorno is a natural-born Stand User wielding the powerful life-giver Gold Experience in battle. Giorno's childhood was filled with unhappiness and loneliness due to bullies and the abuse by his stepfather. During his early childhood, he was initially cold and uncaring towards anyone and believed himself to be scum just for the way people treated him. Those that knew him easily thought he'd grow up to become a twisted individual. This changed when he befriended an injured gangster he saved. As the man protected Giorno from those that did him wrong in return for his aid, he learned that he could trust people. Since then, he has become a more confident and solicitous person. A defining characteristic of Giorno, and shared among his peers through him, is his resolve; something that can be described as his ability to make important decisions without hesitation and seeing them through to the very end, even in the face of pain, sorrow, and tragedy. Throughout Part 5, Giorno's resolve is such that in the heat of battle, he is frequently willing to allow himself to be injured if it leads to an advantageous situation. An ambitious individual, he readily takes any occasion to achieve his final goal of becoming a "Gang-Star". Upon beginning to cooperate with Passione gangster Bruno Bucciarati, Giorno wastes no time in infiltrating the gang, and steadily works his way up the ranks. His assassination of Polpo was partially a way to get a promotion for Bucciarati. Later, Giorno also tried to personally approach the Boss of Passione, and planned to plant a tracking device on him. Being a very serious teenager, Giorno's mind doesn't stray off the path from his mission and the goals he's set for himself. However, Giorno has occasionally thought about more mundane subjects such as the delicious margherita pizza from Naples, right before being attacked by Notorious B.I.G. Giorno tends to approach many things with a calm demeanor, and demonstrates immense composure even when confronted by dangers he might not understand completely, with Koichi describing him as having a 'shining serenity' in place of where most apprehension should be. However, he can still become anxious when things go south. Giorno rarely allows his anger to get the best of him, but shows moments of tranquil, if not oppressive fury against certain enemies. At his worst, Giorno becomes desperate for solutions to problems, and can be seen yelling and breaking out in sweat when emotionally distressed, though he never reaches a level of panic to become reckless or impetuous.

Stand Name: Gold Experience Requiem is the Requiem Stand of Giorno Giovanna, featured in Vento Aureo. This Stand is the evolved 'Requiem' form of Gold Experience, created when pierced by the Stand-creating Arrow. Gold Experience Requiem speaks to Diavolo in the erased time normally occupied only by him and his Stand King Crimson, explaining that it is able to operate independently of Giorno's consciousness. It possesses a rather mechanical and polite tone, akin to a robot and similar to other Stands capable of speech. It expresses a desire to not only protect Giorno but also shares Giorno's morals and beliefs, looking down on and belittling Diavolo during their brief clash. Gold Experience Requiem is aware of the fact that not even Giorno knows what its ability is, and confidently states that no other Stand ability can ever oppose it. The Stand counters the idea of Diavolo's arbitrarily-chosen "reality" (the outcomes of King Crimson's ability) by ominously telling him that he himself will never again come to reality at the hands of its own power. Like Gold Experience, its lengthy Stand Cry is "Muda Muda Muda...!" Gold Experience Requiem is a close-range Requiem Stand that boasts an incredible increase in both speed and power compared to its previous form. It also wields the arcane power of reverting anything to "zero", effectively undoing their actions; a power that trumps even the time erasure/nullification of King Crimson. Gold Experience Requiem is powerful enough as a Stand that it permits Giorno to levitate with it. Due to its increased power, Gold Experience Requiem is capable of flicking a stone fast enough that it ceases to be visible to the human eye, and has enough power behind it to penetrate through a hand and destroy part of a building. Gold Experience Requiem's ultimate ability is to revert actions and willpower back to the state of "zero", completely nullifying them and preventing them from becoming "real". Hence, it is virtually invincible, as all "supposed" actions created by an opponent would have been reset (back to point zero). It is mentioned by Giorno himself that he is unsure of the exact workings and limits of GER's powers, but it has been shown that its range of influence extends from surface contact to even being in the mere attention field of GER. If the opponent is attacked by Gold Experience Requiem, then they will also continuously experience death, as they will die but repeatedly return to point "zero": the point immediately before the process of death (i.e Diavolo's endless death loops). Through this ability, GER creates a new "reality", as it calls it, for Diavolo as a form of poetic justice for the many times the mob boss has manipulated reality to his advantage with King Crimson. Despite its transformation, Gold Experience Requiem appears to have not only retained its life-giving abilities after evolving, but said abilities are noted to be vastly more potent compared to the original Gold Experience. This is demonstrated briefly when Requiem fires a high-speed small stone with enough power to pierce Diavolo's hand, before it transforms into a scorpion and attacks him.

Stand User: Joshu Higashikata is a side character featured in JoJolion. Joshu is the spoiled third of Norisuke Higashikata IV's four children and eventually rubs shoulders with Josuke Higashikata without truly becoming a friend. He has an unrequited crush on Yasuho Hirose. Joshu eventually awakens a Stand, Nut King Call. Joshu is a 19-year-old college student and the third of Norisuke Higashikata IV's four children. Entitled, loud-mouthed and self-absorbed, Joshu is the archetypical spoiled teenager. One of Joshu's most prominent traits is his general unpleasantness. He is rude and disrespectful to not only his regular entourage but also most people he interacts with. In general, Joshu is quite vulgar and regularly insults of disparages those he interacts with. Partly out of resentment, Joshu regularly bad-mouthes Josuke and has at one point mocked him for not having a family. He also has a habit of bantering and playing pranks to his sister Hato. When Hato reveals her unattractive boyfriend, Tamaki Damo to her family, he immediately chuckles at the sight of Damo and also consistently acts rude to his guest. Finally when Kaato Higashikata revealed herself to her family, Joshu was hostile to her and made it a point to humiliate her by disassembling her clothes. Yasuho notes that Joshu has poor social skills, which is at odds with his educational pursuit of social studies. Joshu also has violent tendencies and is able to ignore the law for his own interests. For instance, Joshu drew a knife with the intent of using it against Josuke during a dispute after slapping him for seemingly stealing his money. He also stole Zaihei Nigatake's wallet when Nigatake left it on the counter and drew money from his bank account as a petty revenge, justifying it as Nigatake being "dumb enough to have an obvious credit card code". Joshu is also very selfish and has a self-centered view of his world. His selfishness is showcased on several occasions, for instance when he complains that the center spot in the family photograph is taken from him by Josuke or that his room is given to him, only to be pacified when Norisuke compensates with money. When his father advises him to get a part-time job and provide for society, Joshu merely dismisses this and asks for money. His selfishness goes in pair with an incredibly self-serving view of the world. Joshu asserts that he has a sort of romantic relationship with Yasuho Hirose, calling her "[his] Yasuho" (at the same time ignoring the fact that Yasuho looks down on him and tries to get away from him at every occasion). He interprets Yasuho's gesture of giving him twice as many mochis as Josuke as a sign of her loving him "twice as much" and readily misinterprets Yasuho's words as a solicitation for sex. Moreover, when he finally notices the many instances in which Milagro Man's money gets him even more money, he easily dismisses it as him being lucky and even congratulating himself. In fact, he is midly arrogant and considers himself as someone on whom everybody counts. However, Joshu harbors some insecurities in private: acknowledging that he has no special talents or achievements, Joshu feels uncertain about his worth. Joshu has shown to be superficial and spendthrift. After stealing money from Zaihei Nigatake, Joshu indulges in a shopping spree, wastefully spending it for things such as a luxurious wristwatch, buying nine seats at the movies just so he can sit alone in the center, or going to a hostess club flicking miscellaneous things into the women's chests, openly stating that he prefers women with large breasts. He also wastes money on merchandise of the idol Nanami Rena. Joshu seems to easily distrust many people and organizations. He has stated a disbelief in God, that the prospect of flying in an airplane frightens him, and has a reluctance to drink or eat pancakes made with milk a day older than its printed expiration date, comparing it to crossing a rickety bridge. Likewise, he became highly suspicious of a value package of fish sausages, trying to record the length of said sausages to discover any foul play. The only person Joshu''s been shown to fully respect is Jobin Higashikata his older brother. Joshu admires and praises Jobin's achievement and abilities, and is able to put up with Jobin's own jabs at him. He also has a roughly playful relationship with Hato. They share some bonding moments but most of their interactions are petty dispute and pranks. Joshu also interacts little with Daiya, acting more or less aloof toward her. Joshu has a level of fighting competence, shown when he easily overtakes a newly-awakened Josuke who has shown to be proficient in unarmed combat. Joshu's Stand, Nut King Call, allows him to easily disassemble objects by planting nuts and bolts in them or stick two objects together with nuts and screws, both of which are quickly removed. If reassembled incorrectly or abruptly, this ability can cause permanent deformities in the joints of whatever it separates. Prior to the events of JoJolion, Joshu presumably lived a normal life, being unaware of every supernatural phenomenon in Morioh. During his youth, Joshu became friends with Yasuho Hirose, with whom he eventually fell in love. Joshu applied to study Sociology in college, noted by Yasuho as ironic given his lack of social skills. When Yasuho rescues a naked man in a sailor cap from under the rubble at the Wall Eyes, Joshu immediately misunderstands the situation and tries to attack the man with a rock out of jealousy. He is quickly taken out by the man, who uses a Stand ability to vanish Joshu's eyes. Joshu is later seen at the hospital, having received the same bite marks on his leg that the sailor had. Later, Joshu is seen in town looking for Josuke who stole his phone. He finds Josuke, who is oblivious to him because of Tsurugi's Stand Paper Moon King. After getting his phone back, he runs into Yasuho, who mistakes Joshu for Josuke due to her also being under the effects of Paper Moon King. Joshu is taken aback, but genuinely believes she is coming onto him. Thrilled by Yasuho's trust, and misunderstanding her words, Joshu leads Yasuho to a public bathroom, where he begins rapidly undressing her with his Stand. Halting, confused, when Yasuho calls Josuke's name, she strikes his head with a cistern lid and escapes. Joshu is later seen reminding Josuke of his older brother Jobin's return, simultaneously trying to show off with the gift he brought him while in Southeast Asia. He is both surprised and jealous to discover that Jobin had given Josuke a live beetle and accompanies him to Jobin's room with the belief that Jobin will turn Josuke away. Jobin agrees to invite them in, and much to Joshu's annoyance even agrees to have a beetle fight with Josuke when the latter proclaims his beetle superior to one in Jobin's collection. Surprised when Jobin loses the first match, Joshu threatens Josuke as usual, angered by what he perceives to be an insult to his brother while Jobin shaves his own eyebrow as promised. Although reluctant, Jobin's insistence in the name of good form coerces Joshu to unenthusiastically cheer for Josuke when a second match is proposed. After Jobin loses the second match and Josuke uses his Stand to send away the keys to Jobin's car, it is Joshu who suggests to Jobin that the car was Josuke's goal all along, and intuitively guesses (correctly) that the true motive was to acquire the event record data stored in the key, although he can think of no reason as to why Josuke would want it. Two weeks before Kaato Higashikata is released from jail, Joshu goes to a greet-and-meet for an idol. As he buys goodies, he antagonizes a client and steals the man's wallet, which was left at the counter. Going on a shopping spree, Joshu slowly becomes suspicious at the fact that his money only keeps on increasing. It goes to the point that Joshu becomes paranoid about anyone stealing his money or simply noticing his unusual wealth. He also learns about the mysterious Milagro Man. During an argument with a taxi driver, Joshu accidentally burns one of the bank notes he has and is submerged by bank notes spawning from the damaged bill. Burdened with his money, Joshu manages to find the client he stole from, Zaihei Nigatake. Zaihei reveals an urban legend about the origin of the cursed money and tells Joshu to get lost. However, Joshu tricks Zaihei into tearing a bill and thus pass on the curse back to Zaihei before beating him up. Returning home, Josuke ponders on his worth in this world. Joshu is seen at the Higashikata House, having breakfast with his family as Jobin buries Ozon Baby in the garden. He measures the size and weight of the fish sausages the family is eating in order to find out if the company making them has made them smaller in exchange for having more sausages per package. To his dismay, the family ignores his "investigation" and eats all of the sausages. After Ozon Baby is activated and the Higashikata household is affected by the Stand's ability, Joshu is seen bleeding from the face and unconscious on the couch alongside his father. After Poor Tom's death, the loss of the Rokakaka branch, and the destruction of the Higashikata orchard, Joshu becomes suspicious of the plant appraiser and accuses him of setting the orchard on fire, but his accusation is quickly shot down by Norisuke. After the appraiser explains how the Rokakaka will bear fruit in just ten days, Joshu accuses the appraiser of lying, but the appraiser explains how it is possible. As the family wonders how they will recover from the loss of their orchard, Joshu proposes an idea of how the family could make money: a Matsutake mushroom hunting tour (turned into a bamboo shoot hunting tour in the Spring), as well as adopting red pandas and building a go-kart track. His fantasizing is interrupted by Daiya, who notifies him that everyone else has already left. Joshu appears as a stage hazard and Situation Finish in the Wall Eyes stage. If one of the fighters is knocked down on the "hazard" indication area, Yasuho Hirose backs away in fright, causing Joshu to appear and run through the stage, knocking anyone who gets in his way down with a rock until he reaches her. Afterward, he can be heard having a conversation with Yasuho in the background. As a Situation Finish, the losing side is knocked out near Yasuho, causing her to scream. Joshu becomes angry, walks up to the downed character, and finishes them off with the aforementioned rock (similar to how he attacks Josuke during their first encounter at the very beginning of Part 8). Joshu makes his first playable appearance in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven and was confirmed for the game alongside Josuke (JoJolion), Narciso Anasui, and Enrico Pucci with C-Moon. Due to Joshu's lack of combat experience, having only recently discovered his Stand at the time of the game's development and release, his skillset is somewhat limited compared to other characters. His inclusion might simply be a result of Josuke lacking a proper partner to team up and have a Special Dual Heat Attack with. However, while sporting a low amount of abilities and skills, Joshu remains a viable fighter regardless. Joshu also has the slowest base movement speed in the entire game, but certain conditions can increase it to the fastest as well. He is paired with Diavolo in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, having been placed in the F Block series of battles to be incorporated into the main Tournament. They were eliminated in the first round by Bruno Bucciarati and Trish Una.

Stand Name: Nut King Call is the Stand of Joshu Higashikata, featured in JoJolion. By planting nuts and bolts in a target, Nut King Call creates functional artificial joints. When a nut is removed from a bolt, which may be done almost instantly, the object breaks up and is disassembled. When applied to humans, the process of dismantling body parts appears painless. These separations seem to undo themselves when a target is out of range, as seen when a thug accosting Joshu finds his hands reattached (albeit incorrectly) when Joshu flees. Nut King Call may also fasten together whatever objects are between a nut and a connecting bolt. This is first demonstrated when Joshu dispatches of a bar owner and his men by forcibly affixing parts of their bodies together and escaping as they stumbled around. Later, he does the same to a bottle that Zaihei Nigatake was drinking from and the cursed money generated from Milagro Man. Nut King Call can even detach its own user's body parts, such as a tongue. When this happens, it is shown that Joshu still has control and feeling over the detached body part.

Stand User: Hato Higashikata is a side character featured in JoJolion. Hato is the air-headed eldest daughter of Norisuke Higashikata IV, and the sister of Jobin, Joshu and Daiya Higashikata. She also works as a model. Hato is a Stand User, whose Walking Heart lengthens her heels, making them into deadly weapons. Hato is the eldest daughter of Norisuke Higashikata IV and Kaato Higashikata and the second of their four children. She happens to have a jolly and somewhat air-headed temperament. One of Hato's most obvious traits is that she is somewhat ignorant. For instance, she confesses that she thought that Hawaii was actually part of Japan, ruining a family vacation by forgetting to obtain a visa. According to Kaato, Hato would also always misread the kanji for 'person' as 'enter' when she was younger. Hato is also proud of her beauty and is shown to be serious about her work. In preparation for a collaboration with the famous iceskater Shizuka Arakawa, she is shown taking great care in appearing proper but also worry that she could overshadow Arakawa with her beauty. For her age, Hato is still very playful and jolly, to the point she could appear childish. For instance, she entertains a playful sibling rivalry with younger brother Joshu, with the two of them insulting each other in good-spirited ways or playing pranks. He is also very enthusiastic about her boyfriend Tamaki Damo, whom she was seduced by not because of his looks, but because of his romantic behavior. As a result, she ignored Damo's unusual (or ugly) appearance and still grew very intimate with him in a short period of time. Even with the evidence of Damo's treachery, Hato also denied that he was evil for a sizable timeframe until he personally attacked her. Then, she was brought to tears as she had to kill her boyfriend to protect her family. Her attitude also led to Damo underestimating her wits. When her family is threatened, she reveals a more serious nature when she coldly and quietly helps to take down Damo to protect her family, not hesitating to use lethal force against her former boyfriend. Knowing that her mother Kaato committed murder, she's also one of the less welcoming family members toward her mother. Unlike Joshu, Hato is religious and believes that cows and humans exist because God created them. Hato's Stand enables her to project long spikes from the heels on her feet, allowing her to pierce enemies from far away by using the spikes as missiles or using them on her feet to allow her to walk up walls. Prior to the events of JoJolion, Hato and Jobin were the only two siblings old enough to know their mother, Kaato Higashikata. Hato was nine years old at the time Kaato disappeared, and their dad, Norisuke Higashikata IV, would tell them things like their mother left or she died. However, Hato checked up on the facts herself and discovered her mother was in prison for 15 years due to murdering a child. Josuke and Yasuho first encounter Hato in the Higashikata House where she picks up a dropped magazine titled "Top M" with herself displayed on the cover, revealing that she has the profession of being a fashion model. Hato is shown to be self-conscious about her weight and even jokes about having a tapeworm in her stomach a long time ago when she's teased by Joshu. She is seen concentrating while applying makeup in preparation for going ice skating with Shizuka Arakawa, and worries that her 'aura' may cause her to stand out more than the figure skater. When Josuke borrows Joshu's razor and begins to shave his face in a bizarre fashion, Hato worries that he'll cut himself and bleed. However, Josuke's cheeks end up being completely clean, leaving Hato and her brother in a confused state. Josuke's bubbles moved his facial hair onto Hato and Joshu's faces, causing them to laugh hysterically when they look at each other's faces. Josuke is confused when he enters the kitchen and sees Hato, Daiya, and Norisuke wearing swimsuits while eating pancakes. Daiya calls it the most tragic event in the history of the Higashikata Family. They had to cancel their trip to Hawaii because Hato didn't get passports for them to leave the country. She was ignorant of Hawaii being located in America because it has strong cultural ties to Japan, with both Pearl Harbor and Kamehameha being written with kanji. When Joshu argues about not believing in God, Hato states the cow that made the milk they were drinking and humans exist because God made them. After Josuke states he wants to go to school and is scorned by Joshu, Hato believes Josuke will do fine in school since she's a university graduate. When Jobin arrived home from his trip, he brought souvenirs for his siblings and Kyo. Hato received a t-shirt with an image of a red turtle on it and text saying "Green Turtle" in red letters above it. She also received a fold-up umbrella that has "Fighting Spirit" plastered over it in red letters. She's extremely amused about all the useless presents her and her siblings received and laughs to herself saying she wouldn't be caught dead walking around with the items. Hato brings Tamaki Damo to the Higashikata House with the intention of introducing her new boyfriend, who she calls "Kan-chan", to her family. Daiya is curious as to whether he's handsome while Josuke, Norisuke, and Joshu are at a loss for words due to his appearance. Joshu begins teasing Damo for speaking quietly, leading Hato to glare at him. When Norisuke asks how long they've known each other, Hato states they've only met recently and already had sex twice so far. Norisuke winces from the revelation, whereas Joshu can't hold back his laughter. When the couple starts showing affection and are about to kiss, Norisuke forbids it from occurring in his house. Hato then reveals that she's also bathed with Damo five times, bringing Norisuke greater distress. Hato describes the story of how she met her boyfriend. She was doing a photo shoot for a designer, then suddenly the string of the designer's necklace she was wearing somehow snapped and the pieces scattered all over the floor. While the designer and the cameraman were fuming at her, Damo showed up to deliver clean clothes for the photo shoot. He picked up every piece that had fallen off and rebuilt the entire necklace with a new design that has the characters for "I love you". Joshu and Norisuke are disgusted as to how Hato could love him for something like that. When Yasuho faxes a copy of Josefumi Kujo's passport with a picture of Damo on it, Daiya picks it up and Hato is extremely curious as to what it shows. Daiya runs away with it to give it to Josuke but Damo convinces Hato to get it back from her so that he can be left alone with Norisuke. Hato discovers the handprints of Vitamin C all over the house and Josuke on the ground with his body melting. Josuke warns Hato that she'll be killed but she refuses to believe that Damo would betray her. Thus, she goes back to the living room only to see her father being tortured by her boyfriend. Damo immediately attacks her and sticks her liquefied body to the fireplace. Josuke manages to counterattack but Damo gets the upper hand and removes Josuke's liver. Just then, Hato emerges from a soap bubble from Soft & Wet, which Josuke wrapped her in so that she could escape from the range of Damo's Stand through the chimney. Hato kicks Damo from the outside of her house and the heel of her shoe impales his neck through the glass door, revealing that she is a Stand user. She kicks him through the door multiple times, with her heels continuously stabbing Damo. Damo attempts to act innocent by saying he was planning on turning her family back to normal and that he still loves her, but Hato responds by tearfully climbing up the bricks of her house using her heels and walks onto the roof. Thinking Hato was going to target him from above, Damo attempts to shove the liquefied Norisuke into the fireplace so that he burns alive, hoping Hato would touch Vitamin C's fingerprints in order to save her father. However, Josuke's bubbles reveal Damo's location, allowing Hato to swiftly fire her heel's spikes through the roof which pierces through Damo's skull. Once Josuke finishes him off as he tries running away, the family reverts to normal. Hato, Norisuke, Daiya, and Kyo share a group hug after their traumatic experience. Hato makes a cameo appearance in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven. She appears inside the Higashikata House on the Part 8 stage, sitting alongside Daiya and Jobin on the couch.

Stand Name: Walking Heart is the Stand of Hato Higashikata, featured in JoJolion. Not much is shown of Walking Heart. Although it possesses a form, its power has so far only manifested as an ability that Hato uses for direct combat. Although straightforward, Walking Heart's speed and power makes Hato a surprisingly deadly fighter. Walking Heart allows Hato to turn the heels of her shoes into hardened spikes, making them extend to as much as 4 meters. The transformation and subsequent reversal are fast enough to outspeed human reaction time. These spikes can penetrate any surface, including glass and stone as well as other human's (or Rock Humans') bodies. It is unknown if Walking Heart can extend other objects in this fashion.

Stand User: Narciso Anasui is a major ally featured in Stone Ocean. Anasui is an inmate in Green Dolphin Street Prison who falls in love with Jolyne Cujoh and decides to help her with defeating Enrico Pucci. Anasui is a Stand User who wields Diver Down in battle. Described at first as 'the type of person that doesn't help other people', even Emporio tells F.F. that 'if Weather Report wasn't there to keep him calm, there is no knowing what Anasui would do'. After meeting Jolyne, she becomes the target of his romantic obsession, despite the two of them having never formally met. Despite her lack of interest, he is singleminded in his pursuit of her hand in marriage. When they aren't in danger, he'll use anything in his arsenal to woo Jolyne—though he isn't successful and it's frequently used as a source of comic relief. Once he realizes that Jolyne is in danger, he will jump into the fray with little regard for his own safety. In love with the concept of her courageous and burning determination, Anasui mused that given the chance, he would follow Jolyne for eternity. He will treat anyone who isn't Jolyne badly; the mask of his 'noble' and 'protective' persona thinning to reveal his menacing and intimidating tendencies. Whether friend or foe, Anasui won't hesitate to kill anyone who disturbs his imaginary happiness with Jolyne. On one occasion, he threatens F.F. to not interfere with his work, almost strangling her when she almost disobeys. While he is more than willing to jump into action for Jolyne, he refuses to help anyone else unless he knows that Jolyne needs them. The main exception to this is of course, Jotaro Kujo, wanting his approval for his one-sided marriage proposal to Jolyne. Diver Down is a close-range stand with the main ability to imprint an attack on any surface and release it. It also is able to phase through solid materials and change the materials that make them up. Obsessed with disassembling objects, Anasui grew up a bit awkward during his childhood days. He painstakingly dissected a pocket watch, his neighbor's car, and whatever else that struck his fancy. One day while returning from work, he found his girlfriend cheating on him with another man. In response, he methodically tore both of them apart so they would never come together again. He was sent to prison and faced a twelve-year sentence for first-degree murder. Although he was briefly seen next to Weather Report by Ermes Costello, Anasui doesn't get involved with Jolyne until F.F. comes to Emporio for help. Seemingly entranced by the tales he has heard of her, Anasui agrees to become Jolyne's bodyguard out of his burning love for her and exits Emporio's ghost room. Using Diver Down, he opens a door by storing energy into it and releasing the energy as a kick upon two incoming guards. Anasui then appears coming up the stairs of the Ultra-Security Punishment Ward just as Foo Fighters and Jolyne are about to face Kenzou. At first, he doesn't engage in the battle, instead expounding on Kenzou's history and confesses his love to Jolyne. He then explains the concept of 'feng shui', which Kenzou's stand Dragon's Dream relies on. When Jolyne presses him to go and protect Foo Fighters, he replies saying that his promise was to only protect Jolyne, Foo Fighters not being included, as well as the fact that Foo Fighters specifically told him not to help her. As Foo Fighters is flung into the electric chair through Kenzou's attacks and Jolyne drops down the stairs, Anasui springs into action in order to protect Jolyne from being the next target of Kenzou's 'feng shui assassination'. He phases Diver Down into Jolyne's body and upon Kenzou's kick coming into contact with her body, he changes the structure of Kenzou's legs to resemble that of a spring. This causes him to be put out of commission, crumpled up in a bucket. Upon finding her and connecting with her, Anasui keeps true to his word and protects Jolyne to the point of self-sacrifice at times. After the fight with Kenzou, Anasui attempts to convince Foo Fighters to make Jolyne trip down the stairs in order for him to stop her from falling and have her fall in love with him. Foo Fighters, still preoccupied by the remaining enemies, refuses at first, but caves and trips Jolyne. She uses Stone Free to grab onto the arm of the small prisoner holding DIO's bone, leaving Anasui in favor of her goal. He then notices the strange effects of the Green Baby's birth on the prisoner, shocked at the metamorphosis. Anasui warns Jolyne to stop, noticing the plants on her face and inspecting her before concluding that the roots and plant-like things appearing in the Ultra-Security Punishment Ward are the cause of DIO's bone. Anasui then uses Diver Down to remove most of the flowers that grew out of Jolyne's body after she went to give chase to the bone. He lightly nibbles on one of the flowers to confirm that they are living things, while also warning Jolyne to stay out of the sunlight in order to prevent further growth. However, he is unable to stop her from taking the Green Baby. Anasui hurries and leads Jolyne and Foo Fighters out of the Ultra-Security Punishment Ward, but is informed of the actual direction of the exit by Foo Fighters. It's here that they meet Guccio, who is cowering and whimpering in a corner. Anasui approaches him casually and asks his name and if he's an enemy, Guccio responding without really understanding and pleading for his life. Anasui gestures for him to come closer, and uses Diver Down to transform Guccio into a walking, mindless trap that mutilates D an G's left arm using his ribs. Anasui ultimately decides to use Diver Down to climb up a wall and out a window, escaping to the eastern side of the building. While escaping, the three are accosted by Yo-Yo Ma, who reacts to the group's attacks (including Anasui's phasing of Diver Down's fist into his stomach) with pleasure. Anasui notes the awful stench of his body, making it impossible to focus and retrieve the Green Baby out from Yo-Yo Ma. While Jolyne and Foo Fighters figure out the situation, Anasui reminds them that Jolyne is still in danger in the sunlight and states that they need to be further east, opposite of the setting sun. Following Foo Fighters being unknowingly taken out by Yo-Yo Ma, Jolyne and Anasui steal an anti-wetland use boat. Anasui is taught how to drive it by Yo-Yo Ma, and he tells Jolyne to get on. After a short while, Anasui hides the boat in a mass of leaves and grass to hide from patrolling guards. Yo-Yo Ma then comes up with a plan to camouflage the two of them and their boat, Anasui and Jolyne being covered in roots and leaves. The guards' propellers, however, reveal them. Anasui lets the guards sink their ship, telling Yo-Yo Ma to fetch another boat. Yo-Yo Ma takes care of another boat, and Anasui steals the remaining one by using Diver Down to punch through one guard's face in order to hit the other. He then leaves piloting the boat to Yo-Yo Ma. Anasui takes notice of Jolyne's whistling, and then notices her stressed movements trying to tell him that there are holes in her tongue. He, however, interprets it as her confessing her love to him and almost kisses her before being punched by Jolyne. She attempts to get him to understand what she is saying, but he continues thinking that she wants to kiss him. However, he eventually realizes that something is wrong when Jolyne's face starts melting from Yo-Yo Ma's acidic spit. He notices her message, reading 'BE ALL EYES', and immediately attacks Yo-Yo Ma, ignoring the holes in his body and ordering Yo-Yo Ma to empty his pockets. Anasui gains more holes in his body while obtaining more information about the stand, including about its 'target sensor', by attacking it. In the process, he connects one of Yo-Yo Ma's frog's brains to its 'target sensor', making it have the wants and impulses of a frog and neutralizing it as a threat. Anasui picks up Jolyne and the two wait for Foo Fighters to kill D an G. Following Yo-Yo Ma's disappearance, Anasui and Jolyne find the empty shell of the Green Baby on the deck of the boat. As the Green Baby starts to fall into the water, Anasui goes to catch it and obtains a hand-shaped burn on his hand. The Green Baby ends up falling into the water and Anasui panics before Jolyne repairs her tongue and points out its next location. As Jolyne goes to run for the baby, Anasui stops and shows her the anomalous effects around the Green Baby, such as a rock getting bigger the farther away it rolls, or Anasui growing larger as he is father away from the baby. Anasui and Jolyne experiment somewhat with the effects before Anasui explains how the Green Baby's powers work by drawing in the sand with a stick, hypothesizing that they'd never be able to reach the Green Baby. The two notice guard dogs barking in the distance, and after Jolyne rushes in, Anasui ruminates on her attitude and follows after her. He prevents her from fully unraveling herself, but is unable to stop her from jumping down onto the Green Baby and shrinking exponentially. He arrives near her just in time to save her from the Green Baby's stand, Green, Green Grass Of Home's grasp. The two cling onto a microscopic cliff, but soon they are attacked by falling pebbles and make a run for it. The two start to slide off of the cliff, their fingers being bloodied from the friction, but Anasui reveals that he was leading the stand into a glass bottle that he had rolled when Jolyne first jumped down onto the Green Baby, trapping the stand and by extension, the user. Anasui plans to kill the Green Baby, and phases the entrance of the bottle over to him and Jolyne so that they are able to escape while trapping Green, Green Grass Of Home by putting the cap back on the bottle. However, the stand starts to roll the bottle towards the two of them and almost crushes Anasui before the Green Baby calls off the attack, intrigued by Jolyne's birthmark. The guard dogs, however, are still prowling the wetlands, as Anasui comments in addition to the fog rolling in. Anasui once again confesses his love for Jolyne after she questions his motivations, mentioning how he was even married once before in prison. Meanwhile, the Green Baby starts eating his hair. Anasui notices people coming and orders the two of them to get down. The two people coming are revealed to be Weather Report and Foo Fighters, and as Weather Report and Jolyne hug, Anasui reacts negatively and orders Foo Fighters to tear them apart, claming that Weather Report is getting his scent on Jolyne. He goes as far as to say that Foo Fighters is nothing more than plankton. Anasui announces his plan to kill the Green Baby, which is met with backlash, especially from Foo Fighters. Anasui insults Foo Fighters again and asks Weather Report for his opinion, who then punches a hole through Anasui's chest and chops Foo Fighters' head in half. Weather Report is revealed to be nothing more than one of Whitesnake's illusions as Anasui lays dying on the ground. During a tense fight between Jolyne and Whitesnake's user, Enrico Pucci, Pucci throws Jotaro Kujo's memory disc into Anasui's dying body as he starts to fade away. Jolyne is unable to pull it out of Anasui before he starts to have his final thoughts. He thinks about how Jolyne looks sad, and asks Foo Fighters to use his body as a vessel in order to retrieve the disc. Foo Fighters uses the last of her strength to keep Anasui alive and heal his wounds, ejecting the disc but sacrificing herself in the process. Anasui is then taken back to the men's ward of Green Dolphin Street Prison with Weather Report. In the men's ward of the prison, Weather Report states that Jolyne has left the prison, able to sense her due to the Joestar birthmark. He forces Weather to take him to her. Following their offpanel escape, Anasui admonishes Weather Report for helping up an old man, fearing it would make them stand out. He asks Weather about his history, and Weather responds that he simply wants to kill Pucci, forgetting the reason due to having his memory disc stolen. They hide in the bathroom as they figure out a way to avoid the cops. Weather uses his stand to aid the old man enough for him to give them a ride past the cops. As Anasui thumbs through the magazines in the back of the old man's car, he bemoans the lack of Disney characters on the Disney amusement park guidebook. Then, he notices something scurrying past and uses Diver Down to grab it, pulling out a twisted version of Pinocchio. He threatens Pinocchio with violence, and when Pinocchio lies about working alone, his nose stabs Anasui in the cheek. He interrogates the puppet further before being interrupted by the Seven Dwarves, who emerge after Anasui picks up an apple from the floor. Anasui becomes confused, recognizing the characters, and becomes angry when he notices Weather eating the apple and reading a book. However, when Weather starts asking where Anasui is, he realizes that what he is is nothing but his 'soul': His body has fallen under the truck and is being run over. He tries to use Diver Down to pull his body up, but is unable to. The truck crashes, but Anasui and Weather land safely with the help of Weather's stand ability. Anasui interrogates Pinocchio further, ultimately destroying him. He wakes up back in his own body, but notices that the old man driver is acting strangely. He questions the driver's bloody mouth, chipped nail, tail, and Glasgow smile. The driver attacks him as a wolf, and Anasui is unable to summon Diver Down, unknowingly having separated once more. Anasui, from a passing bus, uses Diver Down to cut off the wolf's head, and sees himself once again. Anasui's soul runs through Orlando looking for its body, being accused by a chocolate shop owner of trashing the store. In truth, his body had ran past just earlier, and despite Anasui's bribe (that he stole from the cash register), he is forced to change his appearance using Diver Down to avoid the police by phasing chocolates into his face. However, when he spits them out, they turn into small goats that tell the story of a wolf who ate many baby goats and subsequently had his stomach cut open and filled with rocks by the mother before drowning him. Anasui then finds himself turning into a wolf. He goes to punch the goat reading the story, but attracts the attention of the mother unintentionally via the pleas of the goats inside his stomach. He tries to punch it into the ground, but the mother unfolds itself, being made of paper. Anasui runs down the alleyway and slams a heavy iron door, using Diver Down to change the inner workings so that it wouldn't open. The goats, however, simply open it as if it was paper. He attempts again, but fails, the mother goat cutting open his side. In order to escape, he has Diver Down phase into the wall and pull himself along to the door, momentarily escaping and hijacking a cop car. However, the car door opens to the alleyway from before, the goats jumping out and cutting open his stomach with rocks at the ready. Anasui, stuck in a wildly veering cop car, falls out on top of Weather Report, in the middle of re-enacting Vincent Van Gogh's suicide. Anasui starts to melt, his own flesh drowning him. However, Weather's 'Put-Back Hero' returns things to the way they were before, the enemy stand's effect ceasing afterwards. Anasui and Weather Report end up outside the hospital where Jolyne and Ermes fight against Donatello Versus' stand, Under World. After Versus uses Under World to deliver Weather Report's memory disc to Weather Report inside the hospital, he regains his memories and activates Heavy Weather. Anasui is shocked by Weather's new attitude, but follows him nevertheless in order to find Jolyne. Following the subliminal effect spreading across the city, Anasui confronts Weather Report, who asks Anasui to kill him. Anasui is more upset about Weather not taking him to Jolyne than anything, but quickly gets serious when Weather informs him that Pucci is nearby. Anasui checks for him in the sewers, but only sees snails. Anasui suggests the car as a possible hiding spot before Weather gets his right leg chopped off by Pucci. He deflects a batch of snails coming towards him using Diver Down, and starts turning into a snail. However, he uses Diver Down on Weather to give him a makeshift leg and allow him to attack Pucci. Pucci reflects the sunlight on Anasui to make him turn into a snail faster, making him unable to focus enough to use his stand. He tries to attack once more, but is beaten into the asphalt by Whitesnake. As Whitesnake prepares the killing blow, Weather Report creates blood spikes on the ground that Pucci must use Anasui's vision to see due to his own blindness. He lists off the blood spikes and tells Pucci the way out, but fails to tell him about the spike forming on his shoulder. Anasui watches as Weather Report almost kills Pucci, but a car crashes into the one they were by, carrying Jolyne, Emporio, Ermes, and Versus. Jolyne is about to attack what she believes to be the priest, but Anasui uses Diver Down to reveal it as Donatello Versus' corpse. As the others notice Weather's dead body, Anasui talks about his own callousness and lack of feeling, stating that the time Weather had with Jolyne and the others were the happiest times in his life. Anasui then reveals that he left behind the stand disc for Weather Report. On the car ride to Cape Canaveral Space Station, Anasui notices Jolyne asleep on his chest and comments on how cute she is. He then produces a wedding ring that he bought from the prison merchant, softly placing it on her finger. However, Ermes startles her by pointing out a large alligator and she unknowingly throws it at the alligator. Anasui repeatedly asks her to open her hands when he notices, weeping. Anasui resolves to find Pucci as soon as possible and not wait for Jotaro to arrive, and as gravity turns 90 degrees away, he uses Diver Down on the road to hold on to everyone and keep them from falling. He motions that if they continue climbing a rail, they could get to the space station, and Jolyne makes up her mind to kill Pucci. Anasui thinks to himself about how in love he is with Jolyne. As they are on the sideways space station, Anasui watches as Jolyne is attacked by C-Moon, Pucci's new stand, shouting warnings for her and eventually using Diver Down to attack C-Moon. He is pelted with inside-out tiles and starts to fall, but Jolyne uses Stone Free to hold onto him and wrap around C-Moon's neck at the same time. Anasui warns her not to be reckless, and when C-Moon puts Jolyne's string in danger of turning inside-out, he phases Diver Down into it to have his own arm turn inside-out. When Jolyne herself turns inside-out due to a direct attack, her strings dissolve and he uses Diver Down to anchor himself to the floor. He springs off towards Pucci after Emporio tells him that Jolyne is still alive in order to protect her. When he meets Pucci, he creates a decoy version of himself out of a civilian's corpse using Diver Down and tries to attack him. However, Pucci turns himself inside out and avoids the attack, countering and just barely missing Anasui, who floats off and grabs a pole to keep himself from falling. As Jotaro and Ermes return, so does Anasui, the group surrounding Pucci. However, as Pucci floats into the air and starts to attain 'heaven', Anasui climbs onto the space shuttle and attacks Pucci with Diver Down. Pucci's new stand, Made in Heaven, emerges out of his arm. As Anasui tries to attack Pucci, a bright light fills the area and the group wakes up in Cape Canaveral with normal gravity. Anasui is touched by Jolyne worrying about him, but is soon confused by the effects of Made In Heaven when he accidentally drops a heavy rock on Ermes. Suddenly, Pucci begins to attack the group using the abilities he gained after attaining heaven. Anasui takes this moment to ask Jotaro for Jolyne's hand in marriage, and is disappointed when Jotaro is unable to answer. Jolyne clings to him for comfort, but is taken away by Jotaro a short time afterwards. Despite this, Anasui still takes a blow that would have been fatal for Jotaro by phasing Diver Down into Jotaro's body. He gets wounded again shortly after on the hand by Pucci, but as the group flies through the air through Kiss' ability, Anasui posits that there is one way they could kill Pucci as he directs Emporio towards the marshes. He tells Jotaro that since Pucci has no choice but to pick them off one by one, when Pucci goes in to kill him, he'll give Jotaro a signal for him to stop time and kill Pucci. He states that he is able to phase into anyone when they're as close together as they are, allowing him to take fatal blows. He states he will take the first blow, and the signal will be transferred through his stand, specifically mentioning for Jotaro to stop time after Pucci's blow to finish Anasui off, sacrificing himself. He is stopped by Jolyne, who tells him that it's alright to ask her to marry him. However, he is interrupted by Pucci. As they land in the marshes and Anasui prepares himself, he is punched through the chest by a stand. He gives the signal, but Pucci used his stand to take Jolyne's Stone Free and use it to pierce through Anasui's chest. Anasui falls into the water, dead. He is seen amongst the rest of the Stone Ocean protagonists in the clouds in the final panel. In the alternate universe, Anasui has a counterpart by the name of Annakiss. Anasui makes his game debut as a DLC character in the PS3 title. He was confirmed for the 4th campaign, alongside Vanilla Ice. He is the only playable male ally for Part 6. For the English localization of the game, he was given the name "Narc Anastasia". Gameplay-wise, Anasui is a trap-heavy fighter, not unlike Mariah in Heritage for the Future. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Anasui can turn Diver Down on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush While Diver Down is off: While Diver Down is on: Anasui's HHA, "Give me your blessing! ", has Diver Down rapidly punch the ground before entering it, resulting in a barrage of uppercuts at the opponent's feet from the floor and sending them flying backward. DD then reappears from behind them and pummels them again, knocking them to Anasui's feet. The HHA can be delayed for a few seconds. Give me your blessing! Anasui's GHA, "Diving in", has Diver Down sink into the ground once more, appearing in front of the opponent to lunge at them, regardless of range or orientation. If the attack connects, DD dives into the opponent's body, before destroying them from the inside with a relentless combo of punches and kicks in many directions. The opponent is flung around by the internal force into the air as Anasui expresses DD's ability to kill them from the inside-out. As he finishes talking, DD ends the attack with a powerful kick strong enough to pierce through the target's back and send them flying. Diving in Anasui was confirmed for the game alongside Pucci with C-Moon, Josuke Higashikata (JoJolion), and Joshu Higashikata. As a Stand User, Anasui is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. He is paired with Josuke Higashikata 8 in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, having been placed in the F Block series of battles to be incorporated into the main Tournament. They were eliminated in the first round by Part 4 Jotaro and Diego Brando from Another Universe.

Stand Name: Diver Down is the Stand of Narciso Anasui, featured in Stone Ocean. Diver Down is a close-range Stand which is fairly powerful in close-combat (it is able to decapitate someone with a single chop), but whose strength resides in its set of abilities that allow it to easily take advantage of the environment, making Diver Down a reliable ally during a fight. Diver Down's first shown ability is to store its strikes on any surface. When Diver Down hits something with a punch or a kick, the force of the impact is "stored" inside the object. Whenever Anasui wills it, the accumulated energy can be released outside of the object in the form of Diver Down's corresponding limb punching or kicking from inside the object. Alternatively, Anasui can put Diver Down inside someone's body, so that whatever damage the target suffers will be transferred to Diver Down instead, protecting them from harm. If need be, Diver Down can become a part of the person and replace a lost limb. Diver Down's signature ability is to phase through solids and then freely change their insides. By plunging inside an object or person, Diver Down can freely manipulate their internal structure; either to destroy them or piece them together anew. It can even dive into Stands to modify their structures, as when Anasui grafted a frog's brain into Yo-Yo Ma. Through this ability, Anasui can create complex structures like spring traps or freely change the whole form of the object, for instance displacing the opening and neck of a bottle along its side or changing someone's bone structure and muscle into springs. Diver Down can forcibly remove harmful but impossible to sever objects like parasitic plants in Jolyne's body or do the reverse and embed foreign objects inside the body, like chocolates to change the shape of Anasui's face.

Stand User: ZZ is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. ZZ is another of DIO's assassins who confronts the Joestar Group. He is a Stand User who drives his Wheel of Fortune. ZZ's Wheel of Fortune can enhance a car into an upgraded and monstrous version of itself, allowing normally impossible driving feats and in general having full control of the car's pieces ZZ is first seen driving his car slowly along the road to Pakistan. Jean Pierre Polnareff, driving the group's jeep, rudely passes the car and kicks up some rocks with the jeep on purpose to taunt the slow driver, but the group soon realize that they are been followed by his car. ZZ then directs his car to pass and begins to drive slowly again, and when he directs them to pass, directs them into the way of an oncoming truck, which Star Platinum saves them from by stopping the truck and pushing the jeep away from it in midair. ZZ is then seen switching the direction of the sign to Pakistan in order to corner them at a closed road later. The group stops for some rest and spots ZZ's car again, which they then give chase. Soon, Noriaki Kakyoin realizes that the group is headed the wrong way and Polnareff stops the jeep abruptly at the end of a closed road. ZZ then appears from behind and pushes the group's jeep off the cliff. Kakyoin's Hierophant Green, however, manages to hook the jeep's harness onto ZZ's car, stopping their fall. Jotaro Kujo then directs Star Platinum to tug on the rope, forcing ZZ's car to back up, and then punches the car, causing ZZ to fall down the cliff. However, ZZ is revealed to have survived and reveals to the group that he was using a Stand, called Wheel of Fortune and his knowledge of Joseph Joestar's name. He then bursts out of the ground in his car, smashes the jeep, and transforms his car into a more aggressive style. He charges at the group and fires gasoline bullets at them through his car, while effortlessly squeezing between crevices and causing spikes to grow out of the wheels to enable it to climb the cliff. After climbing the cliff, ZZ reveals that the gasoline bullets were meant to set them on fire and sets off a spark that sets Jotaro on fire. ZZ proclaims his victory and shouts that he "ended Part 3 early", only to be met with Jotaro's question over who will "replace [him] as the main character" and reveals that he dug a tunnel with Star Platinum and that the only thing that was burned was his jacket. Now defenseless on his side, ZZ is left unable to defend himself as he is propelled out of his own car and plowed into the ground with Star Platinum's barrage of punches. ZZ is then subject to the ridicule of the group as they realize that the rest of his body is skinny and the strong-looking car he drove earlier turned into a smaller car. He is then chained to a rock with a sign nearby that states that he is training and would not like to be disturbed. He is robbed of his passport and car, left behind to starve to death. ZZ is one of the many bosses featured in the game. Like in the manga, ZZ attacks the group while they drive in Northern India. The battle has two phases, first Wheel of Fortune will be in its normal form but subsequently takes its fully developed form after dealing sufficient damage. ZZ is eventually defeated. In the "Deadly Traffic" chapter of the Story Mode, the Joestar group encounters him on their way to Pakistan from India. His part in the story plays out much like the manga, though the player must go through several quick time events to defeat him.

Stand Name: Wheel of Fortune is the Stand of ZZ, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Wheel of Fortune is a powerful and versatile Stand thanks to its transformation ability, giving it complete control over the car it uses as a catalyst. The Stand's primary ability dramatically enhances a vehicle's appearance and capabilities, "allowing even a common dilapidated car to transform into a more powerful car with (nigh-permanent) four-wheel drive." The car is also able to repair itself, distort its hull to squeeze inside a crevice, orientate its wheels horizontally to drive between walls, create spikes on the wheels to scale a cliff, and even separate its internal wiring to create dangerous sparks. The shapeshifting is linked to ZZ's confidence: the more aggressive he is, the more powerful and monstrous the car will be. Conversely, when he begs for his life, the car reverts to its true state. Wheel of Fortune can shoot its own gasoline at its opponents as a high pressure scatter shot. The gasoline is fired with enough force to damage a human body, but its primary purpose is to make its targets highly flammable, allowing ZZ to set them ablaze with sparks from his car's cables. ZZ can hijack nearby cars' radios in order to converse with people.

Stand User: Mario Zucchero is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Zucchero is a Passione operative and Sale's partner, but also a Stand User. He ambushes Team Bucciarati with his Soft Machine for the possession of Polpo's treasure. In battle, Zucchero is skilled at sneak attacks and ambushes, having managed to hide a boat on top of another in order to set up his attack on Bucciarati's team. Using his Stand ability, Zucchero stealthily picked off members of a squad that would otherwise overwhelm him with ease in mere moments. However, he is also rude and demanding, violently threatening Bucciarati when he has him cornered in his boat and repeatedly shouting curses in the process. Zucchero's Stand, Soft Machine, has the ability to deflate people and objects by stabbing them with its short sword. Introduced as one of the pursuers of Polpo's treasure, Zucchero attacked the boat that Bucciarati's gang was on before deflating everyone except Leone Abbacchio and Bucciarati with his Stand. He is soon defeated by Bucciarati after getting his head "zipped off" in a ranged surprise attack. Later, Team Bucciarati tortures him by hanging his head off a fish hook while having his eye roasted by a pair of spectacles to interrogate him on the whereabouts of his partner. Thanks to Abbacchio's Stand, the group learned that Zucchero has already given off their location and the rest of the plan involving Capri Island. After Sale's defeat, he was left unconscious on the boat. Lured by Angelica Attanasio's Nightbird Flying, Zucchero and Sale discover the hideout of the narcotics team in a warehouse at the edge of Villa San Giovanni – a small town on the Strait of Messina. Zucchero uses Soft Machine to deflate himself and Sale so they could get close to their targets. However, Zucchero is caught by Massimo Volpe who easily defeats him with Manic Depression, making it impossible for Zucchero to control his body. After Vittorio Cataldi kills Sale elsewhere in the warehouse, Massimo drags Zucchero's deflated body into the room and tosses him aside. Vittorio takes interest in Zucchero's body as it resembled a plastic sheet, taunting that he has bad luck because they had Angelica on their side. He stomps on Zucchero's body, although is grossed out afterwards when he realizes his heart was still pulsing. Vittorio continues to toy with Zucchero's remains nonetheless. Later, Zucchero is interrogated by Massimo and his team. Draped on a chair in front of him like a flattened, wet shirt hung to dry, he could barely produce any audible sounds. Despite his lack of speech, Massimo could understand Zucchero's words based on his lip movement, discovering that Fugo is the enemy of the narcotics team as well. Vladimir Kocaqi uses Zucchero as a decoy to separate Sheila E from Fugo and Cannolo Murolo. Sheila smells vomit and realizes it must have been from someone under the influence of Manic Depression. Just as she reaches her deduction, Zucchero travels through the flattened ground, poised to poke Sheila in the back with Soft Machine's needle, but ultimately misses since she jumps away in time. The rain in their environment was ideal weather for Zucchero, as he could hide in the gaps between the pavement and the water. The weather and his vomit were also masking his scent so Sheila would have difficulty finding him. Sheila continuously talks to Zucchero wondering whether he betrayed them but he provides no response. He could no longer talk and was little more than a mindless robot following orders and reflexive responses. As Sheila constantly shouts Zucchero's name, Zucchero unconsciously heads toward her in order to strike with Soft Machine's needle. However, his instincts had failed him and he falls into a panic when his needle strikes only air. Sheila had tricked him by using Voodoo Child to echo her voice, creating giant pairs of lips in all the cracks in the ground surrounding Zucchero. Trapped within the teeth of Voodoo Child, his body is stretched as the lips slide across the ground. The only words he could inaudibly utter were "Gotta move" until his body crumples from the effects of Massimo's Manic Depression. Zucchero's bodily functions were escalating so high that his flesh could no longer withstand the force of his blood pressure. Finally, the blood in his veins gushes out everywhere and his body inflates, shattering every bone in his body into dust.

Stand Name: Soft Machine is the Stand of Mario Zucchero, featured in Vento Aureo. As it only needs one stab to completely disable its victims, Soft Machine's puzzling ability makes its ambushes fearsome. But once in the open, its mediocre fighting abilities are clear. Its only notable feature is that it is equipped with a short rapier that can act like a normal weapon if need be. With its sword, Soft Machine managed to scratch Moody Blues' hand. Soft Machine is capable of literally deflating people (including its own User) and objects by stabbing them with its small rapier. Deflated people and objects have 'air' visibly escape from the puncture in their bodies and eventually become deflated, limp and rubbery, akin to a balloon. Deflated people also have their clothes deflated, and despite their state, are kept alive. The deflated victims can then be pulled through small spaces, such as pipes, often by means of stretching them out. Among the best examples of the ability's usage is when Soft Machine covered a ship with the deflated version of an identical ship, allowing its user to hide between the two layers and stay undetected.

Stand User: Midler is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. Midler is the last of DIO's assassins the heroes encounter before entering Egypt. She is a Stand User, and her High Priestess attacks the group as they travel by submarine in the Red Sea. Midler receives a complete design for Heritage for the Future. A woman of average height and slim build, she is dressed in the minimal style of a belly dancer. She wears a headscarf, mouth-veil; bands at her arms, wrists, thighs, and ankles; high heels; a bikini-style bra, and a fine, loose wrap at her hips. With dark, curly hair, ~5 stars stand on pins in her headscarf; two stars also forming the cups of her top. Like Mariah, Midler is flirtatious and lascivious, mentioning that, as a cool and quiet man, Jotaro is "her kind of guy". She says that she regrets having to kill him and wishes that they could have been lovers; and that unfortunately, DIO is even more attractive to her. The group tries to persuade her not to kill them, telling her that Jotaro is interested in her sexy voice; angering her, provoking her to tell them to shut up and that she hates lies. Midler's Stand is High Priestess, possessing mineral materials in order to form shapes large and complex with which she may attack. Due to its long-range, Midler was capable of using it from ashore, while it attacked the group on the ocean floor. Midler is a famous Stand user (as Avdol knew about her) hired by DIO to kill the Joestar group, infiltrating her Stand on Muhammad Avdol's submarine to trap them in a closed space. Taking the form of different things, her Stand continuously attacks and escapes from the group, while Midler taunts them talking through her Stand. Eventually trapping them in her own Stand's mouth, Midler claims that her teeth are harder than diamonds and tries to crush Jotaro with them, but instead has her teeth punched out by Star Platinum. Jean Pierre Polnareff, wanting to take a look at her, goes to her convulsing body but says it isn't worth to look, because of her now toothless face. The events from HIGH PRIESTESS appear in the game with some alterations, with Midler being a stewardess on the same plane the team is attacked by DEATH 13, and her Stand taking on the shape of the restroom's doorknob. Her story mode tells a drastically different tale from her fate in the original manga. She trails Jotaro's group in order to carry out DIO's orders to kill them and successfully wins against them, one by one. After she finally defeats Jotaro himself, she returns to DIO's mansion to report the good news. Cream informs her that DIO needed Joseph or Jotaro's fresh blood, and she is forced to defeat him in order to get past and see DIO. However, when she finally reaches DIO, he reassures her - before declaring that he only needs her blood, as the blood of one more person will enable him to take full control of Jonathan's body. He then asks if she will willingly give him her blood, to which she agrees. In her ending, DIO punctures her neck with his fingers and drains her blood, killing her. As a playable character, Midler's Stand makes her a great medium-to-long-range fighter. While her normal attacks have a fairly good range, most of her attacks use High Priestess' ability to change into something, such as scissors, razor blades, harpoons, a tractor, cars, and an anvil. Her first super move allows her to transform High Priestess into a harpoon Launcher and shoots several harpoons at the opponent, each one hitting hands and legs, ending with a harpoon in the opponent's head (in the HD version of the game the move got censured, coloring the red blood into white color, however it can be changed in the options). Her second super move transform High Priestess into several cars, making combos on the opponent if hit. Her third super move allows High Priestess to appear on the floor as a giant face, swallowing the opponent and chewing him/her making several hits on the opponent (similar to how she attacked Jotaro and Star Platinum). Despite not appearing in the game herself, Midler's Stand, High Priestess, appears as one of the several Metal Strikers available to choose. Its FINISH move is a regular scratch done on the defeated opponent's Metal Striker.

Stand Name: High Priestess is the Stand of Midler, featured in Stardust Crusaders. High Priestess is a Stand bound to minerals. Its "default" form is that of a small creature having a tribal mask with vicious eyes and bared fangs for a face, and clawed thin, muscular arms sprouting out a mush of inorganic matter. Moreover, it can turn into any inorganic object. According to JOJOVELLER, its design takes elements from traditional outfits for African magic. In the colored manga, High Priestess is reddish-brown with blue fur. In the anime, it is bone white with brown fur. When Midler doesn't talk through it, High Priestess acts feral, only letting out savage cries or laughter and endlessly chasing after the Joestar Group. It represents the Tarot Card The High Priestess, which symbolizes intuition and arcane knowledge. High Priestess is a formidable opponent physically speaking. Its small size and nimbleness make it difficult to strike and its claws are very dangerous, being able to cut through Joseph's metal hand. This, combined with its ability that multiplies its options, makes for a fearsome opponent. Moreover, because it is a long-range Stand, Midler can sit away from danger while she commands High Priestess. On the other hand, it also means that Midler can be taken out through defeating High Priestess. High Priestess possesses teeth harder than diamonds, making them almost unbreakable. It can use them to bite hard on or crush the opponent by chewing them.

Stand User: Gray Fly is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. Gray Fly is an assassin sent by DIO who attacks the group aboard a plane traveling from Tokyo to Cairo, eventually crashing it into the ocean near Hong Kong. He is a Stand User and wields Tower of Gray. He seems normal at first, but he is plain evil. Taking up a modus operandi of killing his victims by cutting off their tongues with his Stand. His sadistic personality drives him to kill people just for fun. He has been known as a Stand user who causes multiple accidents and kills people to steal their valuables. Kakyoin notes that DIO didn't need to use a spore to control him, so he was probably just hired to kill the Joestar group. Gray Fly's Stand is Tower of Gray, which takes the form of a giant and agile stag beetle (apparently faster than Star Platinum) capable of easily tearing flesh apart, used by him for his crimes. He and Avdol precise that the Tarot Card "The Tower", which Tower of Gray represents, is a symbol of something unexpected that interrupts a journey near the end. Effectively, Gray Fly spends his life interrupting journeys, including the Joestar group's and manages to complete his task pretty well, forcing the heroes to a much longer and more difficult journey towards Egypt. The Tower also symbolizes destruction, sudden changes and realizing the truth, represented by Gray Fly's sudden attack in an otherwise calm situation and the moment he reveals that his attack is just the beginning of the troubles the heroes will face along the way. Gray Fly is a Stand user involved in many thefts and mass killings disguised as accidents involving plane crashes and train accidents, including a plane catastrophe in England with 300 casualties, with no signs of his crimes. He gained enough notoriety among Stand users to be known by Muhammad Avdol but his Stand's appearance was still unknown, as even the fortune teller was surprised to find out an insectoid Stand could exist. According to Avdol, Gray Fly might have acted on DIO's orders. He is one of the Tarot Cards representatives sent by Enya the Hag to kill the Joestar group. Gray Fly boards a plane en route to Cairo via Bangkok as one of the passengers to assassinate the Joestar Group. Posing as an ordinary old man, Gray Fly lets his Stand attack Jotaro. Tower of Gray attacks Jotaro first, showcasing its speed and ripper tongue and almost rips off Jotaro's tongue. In order to make his opponents understand his true powers and his intentions, he cuts off the tongues of the other passengers with Tower of Gray, then proceeds to write the word "Massacre" on the wall with their blood. It is at this point that Gray Fly stands up, leaves his seat and tries to reach the bathroom, pretending to be nothing but a harmless old man. He then stops and starts screaming at the sight of blood, probably in an attempt to wake up the passengers and put the Joestar group into more trouble. However, he is swiftly knocked out by Kakyoin, who stands as Tower of Gray's new opponent. Kakyoin manages to trick the Stand by distracting him with his Emerald Splash while hiding the tentacles of his Hierophant Green among the plane's seats. The strategy succeeds, as the tentacles grab Tower of Gray and destroy it, leading to Gray Fly's death as well. However, before dying, Gray Fly managed to kill the plane's pilots in a last attempt to lead the protagonists to the same fate. Although his head and tongue were split in two because of Kakyoin's attack, he managed to stand up and taunt them, saying that they will never get to DIO even if they were lucky enough to survive the crash. He also warns them that DIO's own allies will be coming after the protagonists. Thanks to Joseph's piloting skills, the passengers survive the crash but the Joestar Group is now forced out of taking any plane to Egypt. The events from Tower of Gray chapters appear in a different form on the game. Instead of taking place on an airplane, the fight against Tower of Gray occurs on Jotaro's school and Gray Fly appears a school janitor rather than a passenger. The events from Tower of Gray appear on Super Story mode (PlayStation version only), as the player must defeat Tower of Gray using Kakyoin. After the battle, Gray Fly briefly appears and is knocked down by the heroes (much like in the manga storyline). Tower of Gray's special battle can also be unlocked on Gallery mode (Oingo and Boingo's book), but the player can only play as one of the eight heroes (including Young Joseph and New Kakyoin). Both the Stand Tower of Gray and the user Gray Fly posses a Metal Striker on the game as part of the PART 3 characters. They both share the same FINISH move of Tower of Gray attacking the defeated opponent with its tongue.

Stand Name: Tower of Gray is the Stand of Gray Fly, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Tower of Gray's modus operandi is to use its second mouth and speed to tear out the tongue of an opponent, but it demonstrates no personality of its own apart from its user's. Tower of Gray specializes in making attacks look like accidents. Muhammad Avdol comments that it is responsible for many cases of arson, plane and train crashes, and most recently an accident in England that caused about 300 casualties. It represents the Tarot Card The Tower, which symbolizes the interruption of a journey by something unexpected and chaos. Tower of Gray is a small and fragile Stand. However, it is also incredibly fast and nimble, and its secondary jaw grants it unsuspected destructive power.

Stand User: Yukako Yamagishi is a side character, former enemy and ally featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. She is featured centrally in the Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love and the Yukako Yamagishi Dreams of Cinderella story arcs. Yukako Yamagishi Yukako is a high-school student besotted with Koichi Hirose. She originally tries to kidnap Koichi before being neutralized and eventually starting a mutual relationship with him. Struck with the Arrow by Keicho Nijimura, Yukako is a Stand User who freely manipulates her hair through Love Deluxe. Yukako's most recognizable character trait is her obsessive love for Koichi, which she explains as appreciation for men with potential rather than perfect people, whom she considers boring, and admits outright to becoming obsessive about anything she likes. Her love takes an overtly psychopathic turn when she decides to kidnap him and attempt to brainwash him into reciprocating her feelings, as well as forcefully training him into fitting an idealized picture of himself. Upon Koichi's revolt, she goes completely berserk and is willing to hurt, or even kill him in order to keep him for herself. Once she is defeated, and then immediately saved by Koichi in spite of what she put him through, Yukako sees the error of her ways, becoming genuinely infatuated by his heroism, and as such begins to fully respect his privacy and feelings. After beginning a true relationship with Koichi, she appears much more mellow and relaxed. Aloof and "insanely tough" (as described by Koichi), Yukako is often cold toward people and maintains a steely, unwelcoming expression, except for in the presence of Koichi, with whom she acts sweetly and warmly in an excessive fashion. She is irritable, blunt and prone to lashing out, particularly when something gets in her way. When angered, her left eye also twitches. Yukako frequently and violently uses her Stand, Love Deluxe, against anyone she feels would hurt her chances of captivating Koichi, resorting to lethal force in the worst case. She has also been described as the type of person who lives in her own world and tends not to listen to others, expecting things to go her way and for people to follow what she says. Even when something goes wrong, she tends to blame it on others and refuses to find fault with herself. Despite the insecure comments in her introduction, she has immense pride in her appearance and hair, even threatening to murder Koichi once he damaged her hair during their fight, and again threatening Aya after her Cinderella caused her face to fall apart. In the anime, she has a habit of referring to herself in the third person. She also seems to have talent in cooking and sewing, and to some extent engineering as she built an electric chair from household appliances. Yukako may be described as yandere, and arguably may have predated or became the progenitor of the archetype. Araki comments that her personality was designed in reaction to the prevalence of moe perfectionism applied to many female characters, as a statement that someone of any gender should be capable of being frightening or losing their temper. Yukako's Stand is Love Deluxe, lending versatile, prehensile life to her long hair; enabling her to spontaneously extend it, grasp heavy objects securely, and strike, smother or infect human targets. Yukako is a classmate of Okuyasu first introduced in the midst of a date with Koichi Hirose. During the date, she confesses her admiration for him but becomes severely aggressive when Koichi dithers in his response. Later, she jealously attacks a girl she believes to be a potential rival. In response to false rumors muttered by Josuke and Okuyasu in order to put her off Koichi, she kidnaps him; attempting to indoctrinate him and "change him into a better person". When Koichi resists, she soon threatens his life, forcing him to fight against her. During a tumultuous battle, Koichi heroically saves her life as she accidentally falls off a cliff. Later in the story, Yukako is warned about Yoshikage Kira after Shigekiyo Yangu's death and advises everyone to be careful. Yukako, still lovestruck, seemed to have learned from her mistake in trying to force Koichi. Unhappy about her unrequited love she made use of the services offered by Aya Tsuji's beauty-enhancing Stand, Cinderella, which rendered her into a bewitchingly attractive woman in the eyes of Koichi - for a price and a certain time limit, during which she was to use a special lipstick in order to uphold the "magic", i.e. the Stand's power. The Stand allowed her to grow closer to Koichi, who, after some trials and tribulations, warmed up to her and willingly became her boyfriend. However, when she forgets to apply the magic lipstick, her face becomes deformed and she flies into a rage at Aya, who grants her a chance for her to return to her original appearance should she be able to pick her original eyes. Yukako has trouble picking the right one until Koichi arrives in her aid and decides that he will pick for her, but requesting that Aya take away his eyes should he make a mistake. Aya, unwilling to take the role of an antagonist, decides to give Yukako her original appearance back. Following this, Koichi and Yukako share a tender moment and the two presumably become a couple afterward. Yukako also makes an appearance in Janken Boy Is Coming while sitting at Cafe Deux Magots with Josuke and Okuyasu. Yukako last appears to bid goodbye to Reimi Sugimoto. Yukako reappears in Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan - Episode 8: Deoxyribonucleic Acid. She asks Rohan for help, telling him to examine the strange Mao Katahira. However, Rohan claims that she is fine the way she is and leaves, making her angry. However, she could read within Mao when Rohan turned her into a book and gave Mao's mother Mai vital clues into finding the father. Yukako later tells Rohan about Mai's wedding with her new fiancé. Yukako was Chiho Futaba's neighbor when they were kids. She helps Koichi find Hanae Orikasa's killer, a student with red marks on his arms. Suspecting the killer might be in the same class as them, Yukako traps their class in the classroom so Koichi could raise the temperature with a word made by Echoes, making the students take off their jackets. Unfortunately, the killer wasn't in there. Several days later, Yukako witnesses the fire of Chiho's home and immediately informs Koichi. Yukako makes her first video-game appearance in Eyes of Heaven as a playable character. She was confirmed alongside Koichi, Hol Horse, and Jean Pierre Polnareff. Yukako is of the Stand User Style, but more specifically is she a Mode User, possessing the exclusive ability to Switch Mode. Unlike other Mode Users, Yukako's abilities and moveset do not dramatically change when she switches, nor is her mode one that requires a lengthy cooldown. This means that she is free to enter in and out of her mode as she pleases. Yukako is still a Stand User nonetheless, and as such, she is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant her uniqueness in battle. Mode User Switch Mode She is paired with Hol Horse in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Jotaro Kujo and Vanilla Ice.

Stand Name: Love Deluxe is the Stand of Yukako Yamagishi, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Love Deluxe is bound to Yukako's hair, allowing it to grow to various lengths and move with considerable strength and dexterity. Love Deluxe is precise enough that the hair can tie something as small as a tongue, but is also powerful enough to immobilize someone. When angered, Yukako can unleash Love Deluxe and make her hair grow so much it can cover and invade an entire house. Yukako is also able to shoot strands of her hair at opponents, which she then controls freely. As she takes no damage when the hair is destroyed, Yukako can then grow these strands of hair to make then reach dangerous hazards, such as fire nearby, igniting people on fire as well but also throw people around. Her hair will turn white from too much stress should Yukako herself take enough damage or overuse it. It has a range of about 10 meters.

Stand User: Arabia Fats is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. He is another of DIO's goons, who ambushes the Joestar Group in the middle of the Arabian desert with his Stand: Sun. His real personality is unknown; he was never shown speaking or otherwise emoting, as his only appearance had him unconscious after being struck by a rock that Jotaro threw at him. However, he is shown to be rather clever, having the foresight to create an effective hiding spot that all but concealed him from Jotaro's group for an extended period. In addition, he's shown to be both well prepared and patient, including air conditioning, as well as water in his hiding spot and having no difficulty waiting until his targets eventually die from heat exposure. Arabia Fats' Stand is a great fiery sphere akin to the sun itself, which can heat the surrounding area to dangerous levels, give the impression of daylight, and shoot rays of energy. However, Arabia himself is not immune to his Stand, and he must stay within a certain range of his targets to continue exposing them to its effects. Arabia Fats had been following the Joestar group up into the desert in a car equipped with an air conditioner. He stayed camouflaged by using a mirror device attached to his car that reflected the sand's image in the desert, so the group wouldn't notice him. Suffering from the heat produced by Arabia's ability, the group eventually suspected the sun itself to be a Stand. Believing it to be hostile, Noriaki Kakyoin attacked it but received a counterattack from Sun, confirming the group's suspicion. Giving trouble to the Joestar group at first, Arabia Fats was discovered when the gang noticed that there were two of the same rock, with their shadows pointing at opposite directions, thus meaning one was being reflected. Jotaro Kujo used Star Platinum's precision to identify where exactly Arabia Fats was and put him out of action instantly after throwing a rock to his face. Finding Arabia Fats' body, the group claimed that his Stand was rather childish and Fats an idiot for using such a trick, with Jotaro wanting to believe his intelligence was affected by the heat while Joseph lamented for not getting to know the names of the Stand or its user. It is unknown if Fats survived the blow, but given the comical appearance of his bruise, it's likely he was merely knocked unconscious. Arabia Fats is one of the many bosses featured in the game. When the group reaches Egypt, they will be stuck in the desert endlessly and the player must trigger the fight by checking the sun. When he does so, the Sun will come to attack the group. Afterward, Arabia Fats will surrender, give the group money, and tell them about Iggy who is dwelling in a nearby desert town. Arabia Fats appears in a special mini-game. The player takes control of Star Platinum in first-person. The objective is to find his hideout and throw a rock at it before Arabia Fats hits the player with Sun's rock; the player needs to do this four times to deplete Arabia Fats's life bar. After the mini-game, Arabia Fats appears in a cutscene, knocked out as the group states that his Stand was rather childish.

Stand Name: Sun is the Stand of Arabia Fats, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Sun is an amazingly powerful Stand with a large range of action. However, it doesn't do anything to protect its user, who must stay nearby and hide himself. Sun's foremost power is to emit light and heat at lethal levels over a large area. Not only does Sun shine bright enough to give the impression of being in the middle of a bright day despite the time showing that it's nighttime, it also raises the surrounding temperatures up to 80 °C (176 °F). Moreover, it can maintain that level of power over a long period, as Arabia Fats was willing to stalk the Joestar group and let them die from the heat of Sun. On the other hand, Arabia must also take precaution to not be affected by his own Stand. In addition to its radiating of heat, Sun is also able to shoot rays of energy. When threatened, it will shoot rays in all directions but can also strike with precision, destroying a pair of binoculars in Joseph Joestar's hands. They can pierce through flesh, but Silver Chariot's sword is able to deflect them.

Stand User: Prosciutto is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Prosciutto is an assassin from La Squadra Esecuzioni, and alongside Pesci, battle Team Bucciarati inside a high-speed train to Florence. He is a Stand User and forcefully ages a whole train with his The Grateful Dead to corner the protagonists. Despite his serious and cold demeanor, he is also shown to have a somewhat caring side towards his comrades. As the superior of the assassin duo, Prosciutto frequently points out his fellow assassin Pesci's lack of confidence in his own abilities, and on multiple occasions tries to comfort and convince him of his own capabilities. This reliance is not unfounded, however, as Bruno Bucciarati determines from his battle with Pesci that Pesci's abilities are actually more dangerous than Prosciutto's. He also possesses a strong will, as shown when he suffers near-fatal wounds from being caught in the train's wheels and uses the last of his determination to keep his Stand's ability in effect for as long as possible. Prosciutto uses his Stand The Grateful Dead to age people in a large area, discriminating between individuals via near-negligible differences in their body temperature. As part of the Squadra Esecuzioni, Prosciutto and Pesci are sent after Bucciarati and his gang to capture Trish Una, in an attempt to find out The Boss' identity. The two manage to catch up to Team Bucciarati in Napoli's train station and even get on the same train, but they soon lose sight of them. Unbeknownst to Prosciutto, Trish and her bodyguards are now inside the boss's turtle, Coco Jumbo, whose Stand, Mr.President, creates a room inside its shell. In order to flush the gang out, Prosciutto decides to use his Stand, The Grateful Dead, to age everyone on-board the train and then goes into hiding. This forces Guido Mista to emerge from the turtle to try and stop the aging. After Mista confronts Pesci, Prosciutto disguises himself as an old man and approaches Mista to age him, completely disabling him, and then summarily shoots him in the head. Sure of his kill, Prosciutto doesn't notice that Sex Pistols has protected its User by stopping the bullets. He then roughly lectures Pesci on their group's credo and determination in battle. Recalling that Pesci detected a suspect life-form in the driver's cabin, Prosciutto decides to check inside of it and discovers Coco Jumbo. However, Bucciarati ambushes him from above the ceiling and Prosciutto is forced into a close-range fistfight. Thanks to The Grateful Dead, Prosciutto gains a physical advantage over Bucciarati, but the capo then throws himself at Prosciutto and drags him off of the fast-moving train. Prosciutto is nonetheless saved by Pesci's Beach Boy, which manages to hook his hand. Bruno, who grabbed hold of Prosciutto's leg, then exploits Beach Boy to finally make the assassin fall. He lands into the machinery of the train and is heavily injured, but true to his word maintains The Grateful Dead. Encouraged by his example, Pesci carries on the fight. Agonizing, Prosciutto witnesses Pesci and Bucciarati's battle and uses the distraction to call Melone and inform him of their location. He finally dies from his wounds soon after. Prosciutto appears as the enemy faced in Chapter 8 of Super Story Mode, and as a supporting enemy in Chapter 9. All of his attacks involve having The Grateful Dead attacking Bucciarati with its large hands. Throughout the fight, if Bucciarati comes in contact with the mist let off by The Grateful Dead, he will begin to age as his health slowly drains. The effect will cease if Bucciarati Stand Breaks Prosciutto, or if The Grateful Dead is manually turned off. His most powerful attack involves The Grateful Dead grabbing Bucciarati and delivering a heavy, powerful punch. Secret Factors during this level have a notably greater impact on the fight than just restoring and increasing Bucciarati's health. Prosciutto's near-dead body will appear on the ground in Chapter 9, during the fight against Pesci. After some time has passed, he will begin speaking and shortly afterward reactivate The Grateful Dead's ability, causing Bucciarati to continuously lose health once again. A Secret Factor will trigger if Bucciarati Stand Shoots him once he does so, disabling the ability for the last time. Prosciutto and The Grateful Dead appear as the first stage hazard in the "Naples Train Station" stage, wandering around the center area. When he appears, all fighters will be slowed to a walk and unable to dash or dodge due to his aging ability. Both he and his Stand have a health bar and will disappear from the battlefield if beaten. The only way for players to undo the aging effect is by either defeating Prosciutto or grabbing ice tray pick-ups scattered around the stage. After Prosciutto is defeated, Pesci will take his place.

Stand Name: The Grateful Dead is the Stand of Prosciutto, featured in Vento Aureo. The Grateful Dead's greatest asset is its ability to forcefully age people over a large area, a terrifying power because of its potential for a massacre. Thankfully the aging can be slowed, and while The Grateful Dead isn't weak, it isn't a match for other close range Stands like Sticky Fingers. The Grateful Dead has the ability to cause organisms to age physically and mentally at an accelerated rate. There are two ways The Grateful Dead can deploy its power. The first mode is to spread the aging over a large area and indiscriminately attack friends and foes, which is dangerous for Prosciutto's companions. The second mode is to direct its power precisely by grabbing someone, in which case the aging is faster than one can react. The activation of this ability manifests itself as mist spreading from The Grateful Dead although it is unknown if the mist is directly connected to the aging. When under the effect of The Grateful Dead, people age rapidly with all the effects it implies: their skin develops wrinkles, their teeth begin to fall out, the tips of the limbs start to necrose, the bones and joints shrink, and their cognitive ability is reduced. Infants would succumb to the effect of "aging", with their skin wrinkling and hair falling out, rather than merely growing into an adult quickly. Even fruits and flower wither and dry up. Because the spirit is also aged by The Grateful Dead, enemy Stands are also weakened. Their power and stamina are sapped, and even a powerful close-range Stand like Sticky Fingers can become slower than the rather slow The Grateful Dead. Prosciutto is normally immune to The Grateful Dead and can stay young inside its range. However, he can freely toggle the aging on himself, notably fooling Mista into thinking he's a mere civilian. The rate at which people age is dependent on their body heat. The warmer one's body is, the faster they age. Because of minute differences between men and women's bodies, women also age more slowly. Thus things warming the body like intense physical activity will accelerate the aging but exposure to cold, like ingesting ice, will counter and reverse The Grateful Dead's power immediately, although both effects balance themselves and insufficient coldness will not have an effect.

Stand User: Terunosuke Miyamoto is a minor antagonist featured in Diamond is Unbreakable as the central antagonist of the arc Enigma Boy. A Stand User given power by Yoshihiro Kira and prompted to attack the Joestar Group, he ambushes Koichi, Josuke, and Yuya. His Stand is Enigma. Enigma is empowered when Terunosuke identifies a target's idiosyncratic, unconscious reaction when afraid. He can then capture them in a piece of paper. When the paper is folded, the target is trapped. He can use it on objects without any condition. Terunosuke is creative and skilled in eliciting fear. Terunosuke is obsessed with fear. He tells Josuke the only reason he attacked was that he wanted to see their sign of fear. He sees people as objects, as when he kept a taxi driver trapped for later use. When he is afraid, Terunosuke closes one of his eyes, and, when very afraid, he closes both of them. Terunosuke's Stand was given to him by Yoshihiro Kira, who stabbed him with the Arrow and gave him instructions to target Koichi. While Koichi is walking home from school, Terunosuke jumps in front of him and screams, scaring the boy into showing his fear sign. He then traps him with Enigma. He also invades Tomoko Higashikata's house and turns her into a paper with his Stand. Using the school bag Koichi left behind, Josuke is able to find him with the help of Yuya Fungami and his heightened sense of smell. Terunosuke confronts the two at the spot where Koichi's bag was found, before casually turning his back on both of them. Josuke tries to grab him, only to turn him around and be met with his own mother (whom Terunosuke had previously kidnapped). Terunosuke had freed her from the paper she was trapped in and sealed himself inside of it. After failing to scare Josuke with a surprising gunshot, Terunosuke reveals himself and steps out of the paper he had hidden in. He explains his Stand and taunts Josuke, who attacks instantly, only for Terunosuke to evade by sealing himself within the paper. Terunosuke then throws the paper containing Koichi into the street, and Josuke (scared by the realization his friend is in dire peril) shows his fear sign—biting his lip. Enigma activates, sealing Josuke within paper and leaving Terunosuke victorious. Collecting Josuke, Terunosuke tells Yuya he will spare him since he did not help Josuke and Yoshihiro did not tell him to kill Yuya. Terunosuke summons a taxi cab and driver he had sealed and begins to take his leave, only for Yuya to have a change of heart and attack him with Highway Star. Terunosuke slams the opened door and tells the driver to go faster, evading Highway Star for a moment before he decides to go on the offensive. Yuya finds the taxi stopped at an intersection, Highway Star standing on top of it. Inside, there is nothing but closed papers and the scents of everyone inside. Willingly walking into the trap, Yuya begins to open papers cautiously, triggering fire, scorpions, a bottle of acid, electricity, and even a paper shredder that traps two other papers inside of it. Finally, unable to stop the shredder, Yuya makes the fatal mistake of showing his sign of fear, triggering Enigma while Terunosuke shows himself at last. At the last moment, Yuya reveals he was grabbing Josuke's and Koichi's paper as he was sealed, locking them together. This effect causes their paper to be opened as he is sealed, and Josuke quickly defeats Terunosuke. Crazy Diamond breaks him apart and restores him at the same time as his own shredded papers, turning him into a book which is then donated to the restricted section of a library. It is rumored that anyone who borrows the book can hear Terunosuke's voice coming out of it. It is revealed that the book Terunosuke turned into had in its pages a bunch of words from shredded paper with no meaning, although people believe there is an unknown meaning in it. Terunosuke still has a human consciousness and occasionally asks for help. He became known as the bizarre book, rumors saying the moaning coming from it was from an old employer of the library. Chiho Futaba tried to find it with Takuma Hasumi, who memorized many books in his mind, to get inspiration for her novel, but was unable to find it and gave up.

Stand Name: Enigma is the Stand of Terunosuke Miyamoto, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Enigma is not suited for direct combat, but its esoteric ability to seal people inside pieces of paper makes it a fearsome Stand difficult to fight and escape from. When its ability is activated, part of the object is literally transformed into paper and the rest of it is slowly but inexorably absorbed. The patterned design produced is reminiscent of the works of M. C. Escher. Once transformed, Terunosuke must keep the paper folded to keep the item inside but is free to unfold it later whenever he needs the trapped object or person released. Anyone is free to release something by unfolding the piece of paper. There is no restriction to what Enigma can transform. Terunosuke may seal anything ranging from fresh noodles to taxi cabs (including the driver), fire, and loaded guns. The condition of the object or person trapped in the paper remains the same as long as the paper is kept in one piece but damaging the piece of paper results in an equivalent damage on said object or person. In addition, Terunosuke himself can transform into paper. The transformation is instantaneous, allowing him to evade attacks, and he can freely undo it as well. When as a piece of paper, Terunosuke can hover around to reposition himself.

Stand User: Polpo is a minor character and antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Polpo is the first of Passione's capo that Giorno Giovanna encounters and is responsible for recruiting new members in his division. He then tasks Giorno to keep a lighter lit for 24 hours as a test. Polpo is a Stand User and his Black Sabbath automatically attacks Giorno during said test. Polpo makes an appearance in the one-shot with a changed appearance. He is now one head shorter than average. Polpo wears a bright blue jacket and dotted white shirt and brown trousers. His hat is portrayed as green. On the surface, Polpo places great emphasis on one's trustworthiness and says that it is the most important characteristic of a good gangster. In reality, he only thinks of his subordinates as pawns and is revealed to be thinking about how to exploit Giorno once the lighter was returned. Likewise, he preaches that giving due respect is paramount and argues that even God wouldn't object to murdering someone for not showing proper respect, linking it to his ideal of trustworthiness. He shows a very keen sense of awareness, deducing Giorno's injury from the marks on his hands and even how Bruno Bucciarati "told him" that Giorno wanted to join, despite not meeting him prior and Giorno proclaiming his initiation moments before meeting him. Polpo's Black Sabbath is a long-range automated Stand that can travel in an object's shadows. Illusionism: Polpo shows a talent for illusionism, hiding in his room despite his size and seemingly eating his fingers to suddenly pull out a lighter from his hand. Illusionism: Little is known about Polpo's past. It is known that he was at one point recruited into Passione and then became a capo, considered rather trustworthy within the organization and responsible for handling matters related to Stands. After becoming capo, he then was imprisoned for an undisclosed crime but his influence was such that he turned his cell into a relatively luxurious room. He then kept overseeing his territory from the safety of his cell and also became responsible for recruiting people into the gang and turning them into Stand Users. It is known that he was Bucciarati's superior and that Narancia passed Polpo's test. Polpo is first seen serving fifteen years in prison when Giorno Giovanna approaches and tells him that he wants to join Passione. Being in the high ranking position of capo in Passione, his job is giving orders, from the Boss to other subordinates, as well as testing new recruits who want to join the gang. Polpo's means of initiation into Passione is keeping a flame lit for 24 hours; with that, he gives Giorno the lighter. Polpo unwittingly shoots himself in the mouth with a gun which Giorno had disguised as a banana. This was an act of vengeance for having his Stand, Black Sabbath, carelessly cause the death of an innocent old man. This also destroys the Arrow in his Stand's mouth. As Polpo dies, Giorno, far removed from the scene, tells him to "savor [his] last meal". Polpo makes his game debut in the PS2 title. He only appears in the two cutscenes involving his introduction and suicide at the hands of Giorno. Black Sabbath, however, is faced in Chapter 3.

Stand Name: Black Sabbath is the Stand of Polpo, featured in Vento Aureo. Black Sabbath is an automated Stand that blindly follows the instruction given to it and thus doesn't have a personality. It nonetheless talks to its victim, grandiosely announcing their impending trial by explaining that they can either "follow the path of the chosen or that of death" when pierced by the Arrow. Black Sabbath is an automated Stand that follows simple and direct preset commands. As such, it is characterized by its long-range strength, lack of damage transfer (to an extent that Polpo was unaware that Giorno Giovanna beat Black Sabbath), and straightforward way of attacking. A formidable adversary in the shadows, it is nonetheless vulnerable to sunlight. However, even if beaten, Black Sabbath can be summoned back. For undisclosed reasons, Black Sabbath is linked to Polpo's test and his lighter. When someone holding the lighter puts it out but then reignites it, Black Sabbath materializes within the shadows and attacks all witnesses. It then automatically seeks to impale the souls of those present with the Arrow in its mouth to awaken a possible Stand, even if they already have one. Polpo uses this Stand to weed out the recruits and only keep those with a Stand. Black Sabbath's main ability is to draw power from the shadows. The Stand is incredibly powerful within the shadows; its prowess can increase at least to the point where it can overpower and outspeed Gold Experience. Moreover, Black Sabbath can hide within shadows. It can sink inside a shadow as if it were water and go from one point to another near instantaneously as long as the shadows are linked, allowing it to easily re-position itself in the midst of battle. It can even hide in small shadows and use them as transportation, using a bird's shadow to cross a sunlit space and hide inside an isolated tree's shadow. The drawback of this ability is that Black Sabbath is vulnerable to light. Being even partially exposed to sunlight pains it considerably, thus its movements are restricted to the shadows. To escape, the Stand must touch a shadow again and hide inside. In the sunlight, it is vulnerable and Gold Experience was able to destroy it with a barrage of punches. By grabbing an ordinary human's shadow, Black Sabbath is able to forcibly drag out their souls, whereas grabbing a Stand User's shadow would drag out their Stand. Black Sabbath can store objects inside its mouth, and Polpo uses that to hide an Arrow inside. The Stand can then pull it out when needed, and continuously pierce people with the Arrow to awaken a Stand with little care about whether they have a Stand or not already. When Polpo unwittingly shoots himself in the mouth, he also destroys the Arrow inside Black Sabbath's mouth. Black Sabbath appears as the enemy faced in Chapter 3 of Super Story Mode. In all of its attacks, it will attempt to grab Giorno or Gold Experience. If it does, it will pull Gold Experience toward it and stab it with the arrow, dealing massive damage to Giorno. If Giorno attempts to stay in the sunlit parts of the stage for a long period of time, Black Sabbath will home in on him using bird shadows.

Stand User: Pesci is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Pesci is a member of La Squadra Esecuzioni. Together with Prosciutto, Pesci battles Team Bucciarati inside a high-speed train to Florence. He is a Stand User, and uses his Beach Boy to great effects. Later, upon being moved by Prosciutto's determination, notably still powering his Stand when crushed between the wheels of the train they are on, Pesci gains the confidence and ruthlessness necessary to make himself a serious threat to the whole group and nearly kills Bruno Bucciarati during their battle. Bucciarati notes, however, that Pesci's bravery is then replaced by cruelty when the assassin attempted to threaten his friends inside Coco Jumbo. Pesci is shown to respect Prosciutto considerably, referring to him as big brother. Appropriate to his namesake, Pesci uses the fishing rod-like Beach Boy to hook people from afar, tearing out their internal organs to kill them. Pesci is introduced as Prosciutto's junior, eager to complete their mission to kidnap The Boss' daughter, but also indecisive. He first appears alongside Prosciutto in Napoli's train station, tailing Team Bucciarati until they mysteriously disappear from the train. Using his Beach Boy, Pesci detects a suspect life-form and almost discovers the team's transport turtle, Coco Jumbo, but Prosciutto deploys The Grateful Dead, distracting him at the last moment. Afraid for his life, Pesci sets up bait on the air conditioner button and retreats to the bar wagon, sustaining himself on ice to counter the aging effect of The Grateful Dead. When Mista tries to activate the air conditioning, Pesci detects him and almost hooks his heart, but Sex Pistols manages to destroy his ice, sending him into a panic and making him vulnerable to Mista. Almost shot down, only Prosciutto's intervention saves him. Encouraged by Prosciutto, Pesci finally leads his partner to Coco Jumbo but is then ambushed by Bucciarati. Sitting aside as Prosciutto battles Bucciarati, he is ordered to kill Trish's bodyguards but he hesitates, almost immediately sent flying into a window by Bucciarati's kick. Bucciarati loses the battle but throws himself off the train alongside Prosciutto. Pesci launches Beach Boy to save his partner, only to discover Prosciutto beaten and crushed inside the machinery of the train. On the verge of complete despair, Pesci suddenly notices that the aging effect is still in effect. He regains the confidence to complete his mission and, encouraged by the extent of Prosciutto's determination, challenges Bucciarati, almost defeating him and even forcing him to admit that Pesci was more dangerous than Prosciutto in a one-on-one fight. Nevertheless, Pesci is defeated by Bucciarati when he attempts to kill the latter's companions inside Coco Jumbo, a move that Bucciarati deemed useless; he is separated into several pieces by Sticky Fingers and thrown into a nearby river, killing him. Pesci appears as the enemy faced in Chapter 9 of Super Story Mode, with the player taking control of Bucciarati. The fight is set outside the train, a place where Pesci has a great advantage due to his Stand ability, Beach Boy. He will also appear unconscious next to the bar during Chapter 8 in the fight against Prosciutto, and Stand Shooting him will activate a Secret Factor. During gameplay, Pesci will always get away as far as possible and use his Stand to try to catch the player. All of his attacks involve using Beach Boy to try to hook Bucciarati: if caught, the player must rapidly press buttons and shake the movement stick to set themselves free, or else Pesci will yank Bucciarati's heart and knock him down, dealing considerable damage. After some time has passed, Prosciutto, while near-dead, will activate his Stand ability, causing Bucciarati to slowly lose health. Instead of sectioning Pesci into pieces using zippers and sending them into the nearby body of water like in the canon, Sticky Fingers simply Stand barrages Pesci into submission. Pesci will first appear unconscious next to the bar during Chapter 8 in the fight against Prosciutto and Stand Shooting him will activate a Secret Factor. Pesci appears as a stage hazard and situation finish on the Naples Train Station stage: both him and Prosciutto appear near the train during the beginning of the match, and after some time, board the train. If one of the fighters is knocked into the hazard indication area, Prosciutto encourages Pesci by saying he needs to trust himself, and then Pesci will throw his Stand's line into the stage. In a straight line perpendicular to the train, Beach Boy will shoot out of the train before being quickly reeled back: any character caught by it is sent flying into the side of the train with a soft knockdown. As a situation finish, Pesci's Beach Boy hooks the opponent by the head/neck area: the train then takes off and the unfortunate loser is dragged away while both Pesci's laugh and Prosciutto's encouragement can be heard. Both Pesci and Prosciutto appear as the stage hazards for the Naples Train Station stage: as soon as Prosciutto is defeated, Pesci will appear. His field of action is the space between the two trains with him patrolling that general area and his line of sight is a cone in front of him: anybody caught in it for too long is hooked and left stunned, vulnerable to their opponents before eventually being yanked and sent into the side of the train. As he will prioritize the fighter closest to him, Pesci himself cannot be damaged by any means, making him a permanent hazard for the rest of the match.

Stand Name: Beach Boy is the Stand of Pesci, featured in Vento Aureo. Despite its innocuous appearance, Beach Boy is a remarkably deadly Stand, both at long and short range. Not only can it kill someone by shredding their heart with its intangible hook, but it is also nearly impossible to defend against. Pesci's masterful manipulation made Bucciarati deem it even more dangerous than Prosciutto's already formidable The Grateful Dead. As a fishing rod, Beach Boy is not really suited for power, but its deadly sharp hook means Pesci can use it as a dangerous whip. The line can also be used to break someone's neck or choke them. Beach Boy's signature ability is to phase its line and hook through any object, including walls or flesh. Pesci skillfully uses his fishing rod to search for a target through obstacles and like a fisherman, ensnares them when the hook makes contact. He is then free to reel in his catch or even tear through the whole body by wildly moving the hook, but as an assassin prefers to phase the hook through his catch's body in order to reach a vital organ and cut it from the inside for a sure-fire kill. Beach Boy's pulling strength is only as strong as Pesci's own arm strength, but the catch will tire themselves trying to pull on the extremely elastic line. The ability is cancelled immediately if Pesci drops the Beach Boy, and the hook and line disappear, called back to the fishing rod. By hiding the hook inside a chosen object, Pesci can use Beach Boy to bait and catch people by surprise. Beach Boy's line is extremely sensible and transmits information to the handle of the rod for Pesci to see. The hook and line of Beach Boy act as very sensible life form sensors, being able to tell Pesci the number of people inside a given room and can even transmit the vibration of a heartbeat. Furthermore, by analyzing the vibrations and strength of the pull on the line, Pesci can accurately guess which body part he is hooking, the catch's weight, their position and their actions to the centimeter. Beach Boy's string cannot be destroyed by any usual means, as any damage inflicted to the string will instead affect the one hooked on the string. It is thus impossible to destroy the string once it is hooked into an object or person. This property is a derivation of the line's intangibility: although it will phase through any object, the shock of any attack is transmitted into the catch's body, if the line is damaged by a stand, the effects of whatever the stand's ability is will be applied to the victim instead.

Stand User: Kenzou is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Kenzou is an elderly inmate at Green Dolphin Street Prison, and the former guru of a sect. He is sent to assassinate Jolyne Cujoh in the maximum security ward. He eventually battles Foo Fighters instead when it comes to save Jolyne. Kenzou is a Stand User, and wields Dragon's Dream. Kenzou believes that the secret to good health is "urine therapy" (drinking his own urine) every morning. His prison card also states that he has knowledge of Kung-Fu, Tai Chi, and tea ceremonies. Dragon's Dream manipulates the concept of Feng-Shui to show the luckiest angles, and is used by Kenzou to strike from odd angles for maximum lethality. It is remarkable in being neutral in a fight and equally usable by Kenzou's foes. In his youth, Kenzou was the leader of a very popular cult that included Hollywood stars and other famous people. At one point, he and the thirty four members of his cult made to burn themselves alive; however, only Kenzou himself would survive. He subsequently received a total 280 year-sentence in prison for this crime, and endeavored to climb back up to the upper echelons of society where he could relive his former glory. Kenzou seemed to be a private assassin who was sent to Green Dolphin Street Prison maximum-security facilities were he was hired along with D an G to assassinate Jolyne Cujoh and her friends. His favorite technique involves him jamming his hand down the victim's throat, breaking their fourth vertebra which connects to the kidneys in the process. As this removes all the oxygen from the victim's lungs, they are left to drown in the adrenaline which is created by the lack of moderation around the kidneys due to the fourth vertebra being broken, effectively 'drowning' his target. He fights against F.F., and while his attacks were deadly to humans, F.F. 's unique biological structure made the fight difficult for him. F.F. initially succumbs to his 'drowning' technique, but as she realizes how Dragon's Dream works, she manages to put him in an electric chair, at the expense of having her clavicle bisected. While F.F. goes to find some water to recover, Kenzou, still alive, attacks Jolyne, only to have Anasui inform him that he placed Diver Down inside of Jolyne. The fight ends with Kenzou's legs being broken into spring-like appendages due to the effects of Diver Down.

Stand Name: Dragon's Dream is the Stand of Kenzou, featured in Stone Ocean. Dragon's Dream is a sentient Stand with a personality separate from its user, Kenzou. Dragon's Dream acts as a judge during a fight and strives for fairness, going as far as explaining exactly how its powers work against its User's orders, as it finds it unfair that Kenzou tries to keep the mechanics of its power secret in order to get an edge. It also has a habit of randomly giving divined counsels like getting the picture of a goldfish. Dragon's Dream is an unusual Stand in that it is functionally neutral during a fight and cannot attack, leaving Kenzou the responsibility of defeating the enemy personally. However, as Kenzou knows how to use the Feng Shui power of Dragon's Dream to the fullest, the old man still possesses a tremendous advantage. Dragon's Dream allows Kenzou to usually finish off his opponents in one strike, and only the resilience of Foo Fighters combined with Anasui's timely intervention could defeat him. To understand Dragon's Dream, one must understand the principle of Feng Shui behind it. "Feng Shui", also literally read as "Wind and Water" is a famous form of divination originating from East Asia. It suggests that by determining natural flows of energy such as the flow of the wind and the flow of the water, one can discern paths to follow. It is usually used to determine good and bad areas in a piece of land so that the well-being of those inhabiting a house built on this land is optimized, and was used to determine the strong and weak points of fortresses. "Feng Shui Assassination" is a martial art using the same principles to determine what points of the body to hit and how to position oneself for the strike to maximize lethality and evade blows no matter how alert and prepared the target is. According to Dragon's Dream, the only way to defeat a Feng Shui Assassination User is to aim for a draw in bad luck and hope that the assassin succumbs the first. Inspired by the principle of Feng Shui, Dragon's Dream's ability is split between its body and a ring both functioning as a compass on which Kenzou can read the coordinates (in cardinal directions, degrees and minutes) of "lucky spots", points in space in which Kenzou can evade attacks thanks to the lucky place, and inversely "unlucky spots", points in which his blows would be fatal. Kenzou summons the compass in his hands to typically determine the lucky spots in which he is sure to not be hit by attacks. To reach them, the old man typically moves around using strange movements to stay inside the lucky spots. When an unlucky spot is read, Dragon's Dream's body materializes as an arrow inside a hovering ethereal sphere pointing toward the spot. If Kenzou can put a strike inside the sphere surrounding Dragon's Dream, then the blow will be redirected toward a mortal area for the enemy, shown as a limb disappearing before materializing near the victim to attack. Either the blow will be fatal, or events will conspire to deal a wound to the victim through unlikely coincidences, in case Kenzou's attack is blocked. Inversely, if Kenzou can force someone to touch Dragon's Dream's sphere, it also counts as a successful attack, which results in an "accidental" injury for the target. There is no counter to the perfectly accurate readings of Dragon's Dream. However, one can trick Kenzou into misreading the coordinates of his lucky spots and therefore render him vulnerable to attacks thanks to his overconfidence. Because it is based on the natural forces divined by Feng Shui, Dragon's Dream also acts neutral during a fight, and cannot be attacked. Although it points toward the unlucky spot for Kenzou to exploit, it also means that the target knows where Kenzou is going to strike and can take measures to protect themselves the best they can. Dragon's Dream strives for fairness of chances between Kenzou and his enemy and will advise the target on how to protect themselves to compensate for Kenzou's advantage.

Stand User: Keicho Nijimura is a minor antagonist featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Keicho is Okuyasu's older brother. He is the first in Morioh to possess the Bow and Arrow and liberally creates Stand users in hopes one of them can kill his monstrous father. Keicho himself is a Stand User and his Stand is the miniature army, Bad Company. Compared to his brother Okuyasu, Keicho is more rational and calm. Both admit that Keicho's ability to think far outclasses Okuyasu's. He is merciless, even shooting his own brother when trying to aim for Josuke and not being apologetic, saying it was Okuyasu's fault for being incompetent. He states that people who don't grow don't deserve to live, showing what appears to be a Social Darwinist view. He feels no remorse for injuring people with the Bow and Arrow or the consequences using the Bow and Arrow could have, such as with Angelo. He was also not above using a dying Koichi as a hostage to bring Josuke in. He is also a rather methodical person, doing things in a certain mannerly order such as bringing Koichi in to retrieve the Arrow and not wanting anyone to see a dying Koichi since it would draw unwanted attention. In addition, he disliked that Josuke killed a few of his soldiers since it meant they weren't perfectly in line. He describes people who don't know how to use Stand as being similar to riding a bike, in that if the person doesn't know what they are doing they will maneuver badly no matter how powerful the Stand is. Keicho tends to look down on his brother for his lack of ability to think. When he was younger, he was shown to be very protective of his younger brother while holding his abusive father in contempt. However, he still held some love for his father, but this love was misguided: Keicho wanted to euthanize him to end his heavily deformed existence. Additionally, while he was harsh and even brutal to Okuyasu (claiming he would kill him if he tried to take the Bow and Arrow), he sacrifices himself to save his brother from Red Hot Chili Pepper's attack, implying he truly cared for his brother all along, an act that Okuyasu and Josuke acknowledge as a sign of his care. Keicho's Stand is Bad Company; a miniature army, including infantry (some as paratroopers), tanks (with explosive shells) and helicopters (with missiles). Around 1987, Keicho and Okuyasu's mother died, leaving their father in depression. On top of that, Japan had been going through a tough time economically and his family soon fell into poverty. Due to this, Keicho and Okuyasu were abused constantly. However, two years later, his father began to receive letters with money and jewels. Much later in his life, Keicho would realize his father had sold his soul and heart to DIO, who, at that time, was scouring the globe for a Stand user capable of recreating reality. DIO, however, distrusted Keicho's father and implanted a seed of his undead body within him. When Jotaro defeated DIO, the seed burst, causing their father to slowly mutate into a monstrous form, and later lost the ability to speak. In this form, Keicho's father would automatically and quickly heal any wounds inflicted upon him. For many years afterward, Keicho searched for someone capable of killing his father. Keicho soon came across the Bow and Arrow, shooting random people throughout Morioh in order to find someone to kill his father. Among the people he shot are Yukako Yamagishi, Anjuro "Angelo" Katagiri, Rohan Kishibe, Tamami Kobayashi, Toshikazu Hazamada, and Akira Otoishi. Keicho eventually shot Koichi Hirose, believing his Echoes was the Stand he was looking for. This lead to a confrontation with Josuke in which Keicho was severely injured and Keicho told Josuke about his family's history. Josuke offered to restore Keicho's dad in return for Keicho's Bow and Arrow. Unwilling to do that, and with Red Hot Chili Pepper lurking behind Okuyasu, Keicho shoved Okuyasu out of the way and was electrocuted to death in his brother's place. Red Hot Chili Pepper then stole the Bow and Arrow from him. During the final battle with Yoshikage Kira, he appeared as a ghost to the near-dying Okuyasu, questioning where he wanted to go and thus, convincing him to live on. Keicho makes his game debut as a playable character in Diamond Records.

Stand Name: Bad Company is the Stand of Keicho Nijimura, featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. Bad Company appears as a group of 60 Patchwork soldiers, an uncertain amount of Green Berets (most likely part of the 60 soldiers), 4 helicopters modeled after the Boeing AH-64 Apache, and 7 tanks modeled after the M1 Abrams, all armed to the teeth and dressed similar to American G.I.s. Much like the figures they are based on, all the units in Bad Company are scaled down to size and resemble something like sentient toys. They serve Keicho without question but are shown talking to one another and making very careful maneuvers. Most media portray Bad Company as little soldiers, with skin that appears metallic, in green uniforms, as well as green vehicles. Bad Company is the first colony-type Stand to be featured in the series and as such, it is composed of many weaker individual units whose power can add up when combined. Damage to one individual is not transferred to the User, though it is unknown if killing all the soldiers, helicopters, and tanks would kill Keicho too. Bad Company is a small, yet imposing force in combat as it's capable of deploying a great amount of firepower, while also using subtle military tactics. Commanded by the meticulous Keicho, who uses the confined space of his house to trap Josuke, Bad Company proves to be highly dangerous. Bad Company is a group of hand-held soldiers and war vehicles and is equipped as such. Each of Bad Company's soldiers is armed with an M16 assault rifle, parachute, and combat knife. The Green Berets have the same equipment as the soldiers, but with the addition of a rappelling rope which allows them to climb objects. The helicopters are armed with machine guns and missiles, and the tanks have scaled-down shells. In addition, Bad Company is also equipped with land mines. Despite their reduced size relative to an actual army, the weapons of Bad Company are still dangerous. The infantry's miniature M16s are able to puncture through human skin, creating small but deep bullet holes; a land mine's blast is enough to severely wound a leg and a pair of missiles from one of the helicopters was enough to disable Crazy Diamond's arm. Bad Company is most effective when all of its units fire at once. Defensively speaking, the disciplined fire of the infantry, which Keicho describes as a "wall of steel," can shoot down any projectile as long as they have the time to see it coming. Offensively, the combined fire of the infantry and all the vehicles creates an onslaught of projectiles able to blast away a wall. However, this method commits all units to offense and leaves Keicho defenseless to attacks. Thus, the army was not able to shoot down a missile Josuke sent back to Keicho as they were focused on firing on the former. In the live action adaptation of Diamond is Unbreakable, Bad Company is given another caveat in its ability. When Keicho gives Bad Company a command, the army will only work towards carrying out that specific command, and it cannot be changed once ordered.

Stand User: Trish Una is a major ally featured in Vento Aureo. Trish is the estranged daughter of Passione's Boss and Donatella Una. Being a target for the Boss' numerous enemies, she is bodyguarded by Bruno Bucciarati's gang. She eventually awakens her own Stand, Spice Girl and grows into a valuable ally for the team. Trish is first introduced as a spoiled, selfish girl with high-class tastes. Indeed, as soon as she is in the care of Team Bucciarati, she immediately demands branded cosmetics products and only sparkling water despite the severity of the situation; this is later revealed to be a way to hide her insecurities, although her self-doubt is still apparent in instances such as expressing her nervousness to Bucciarati whether she and her father would get along or not. Over the course of the time that she spends with the group, a deeply loyal, determined side of her is revealed. When she discovers her Stand, Spice Girl, with the help of Giorno Giovanna, she comes to terms with her own power to defend herself and her new friends. At first cold toward her bodyguards, her relationships with them improve as she becomes one of their companions in the fight against Diavolo. She is shown caring for Narancia Ghirga's safety during The Grateful Dead's attack. She deliberately refuses to use the ice for her own benefit and instead uses it to reduce the aging effects of the stand on the young man, while Bucciarati urges her to keep it and use it for herself. Furthermore, she opens up herself to Narancia after Green Day's ambush expressing her urge for Bucciarati's attention as well as her ambiguous feelings for him. In the anime adaptation, a scene where she is shown watching over a resting Narancia was added. She is also seen lightheartedly teasing and joking around with Guido Mista towards the end once she is comfortable around him. Chapter 592's preface specifies that she can act mysophobic and can scream if she touches an object with the lingering body heat from another individual. Moreover, she dislikes anything that isn't beautiful, insects as well as smelly foolish men. The anime shows that she inherited these features from her mother. Trish has been shown once to be adept at self-defense, easily reversing Narancia's knife back onto him when he threatened her, stabbing his cheek. Trish's humanoid Stand is Spice Girl, of good melee attack and defense, with the unique ability to soften any object (to the quality of a springy cushion) and making them nigh indestructible. As Diavolo's daughter, Trish has a spiritual connection to him. She can notably sense whenever he is nearby. Trish was living a normal life alone with her mother Donatella Una before she found out that her father was the Boss of the powerful gang Passione when her mother Donatella passed away. Despite her high-class tastes, Trish seems to have lived in humble living conditions. After Donatella, Passione found out about her parentage, and she became the center of attention of two factions: firstly her father's loyal underlings who tried to secure her, and then Squadra Esecuzioni who wanted to kidnap Trish to get to the Boss. Agents loyal to the Boss quickly took her but the traitor assassins continued trailing her. First seen disguised as a janitor, Trish is introduced as the boss' daughter that is put under the eye of Polpo's replacement capo, Bruno Bucciarati along with his gang members Narancia Ghirga, Pannacotta Fugo, Guido Mista, Leone Abbacchio, and Giorno Giovanna. Trish herself is being hunted down by assassins that have betrayed the gang in order to be used as leverage against the Boss. Initially acting spoiled towards her protectors, she slowly but surely forms bonds with the men that consistently put their lives on the line for her sake. During Bucciarati's battle against La Squadra members Prosciutto and Pesci, Pesci holds Trish hostage and attempts to kill the other members. Though Bucciarati defeats him, Trish is left confused as to the strange abilities and beings coming from the fight. Bucciarati takes this as a sign of her Stand slowly manifesting, beginning with a large claw mark left in the ground. When the gang finally arrives at San Giorgio Maggiore church and must part with Trish, she is ultimately left unnerved by the whole experience. Escorted by Bucciarati, Trish's growing anxiety causes her to shy away from the elevator leading to the bell tower, scared at what kind of person her father might be. Bucciarati, having only known his own loving parents, is confident that the Boss would love his daughter, and reassures Trish that she'll simply be given a new identity to live out the rest of her life in peace. Though Trish initially denies her nervousness, she eventually holds Bucciarati's hand for comfort during the elevator ride. However, before anyone could notice, she is knocked unconscious and has her hand severed by her own father, and then abducted. As Bucciarati realizes, the Boss of Passione only wanted Trish brought to him so he could kill her himself and erase all of his ties with the past. Bucciarati nearly dies from fatal injuries sustained trying to keep Trish safe, but the guidance and assistance of Giorno give him the resolve to escape the Boss with her unconscious body. Upon regaining consciousness and having her hand reattached, Trish quickly learns that her father would go to any length to preserve his own secrecy, including murdering the people related to him. Bucciarati and his gang (with the exception of Fugo) would betray Passione in order to protect Trish and defeat their former boss. Trish eventually learns of her father's name: Diavolo. During Green Day's first attack, Trish is slightly wounded by the mold created by the stand, while Narancia was the most affected by the stand's ambush. Trish expresses her discontent at the fact that Bucciarati acted cold towards Narancia who was badly injured, resulting in a moment of wisdom and discernment of the latter who considers that the leader had the adequate reaction and even allowed his life to be saved. A concerned Trish replies that Bucciarati is acting cold towards the group as a whole, implicitly expressing her urge for Bucciarati's attention. Narancia understands it and construes her emotions as a mark of her growing feelings for Bucciarati but advises her to differ the exploration of her feelings for another time, as their situation is not suited for such considerations. Arriving in Rome, Trish senses Diavolo's presence and becomes paranoid, warning the gang of him. She then takes part in the battle against her father to take the Arrow and initially has her soul switched with Mista's via Chariot Requiem. When Diavolo's soul also jumps to Mista's body, he takes near-complete control. However, at a most crucial most when he tries to grab the Arrow, after having deflected some of Mista's bullets, Trish reveals herself conscious. Using her power, she also reveals that she softened the bullets to make it look like they were blocked, and by undoing the softening, the bullets alongside their momentum are restored, shooting Diavolo through the hand and knocking the Arrow far away from him. Trish then tells her father that she'll overcome the fate she inherited, and will no longer cower or flee. However, Diavolo, in a moment of complete hatred for his daughter, punches Spice Girl through the abdomen, which sends Mista's body flying through the air in the direction of the Arrow. Trish's soul begins to ascend due to the fatal blow, and Diavolo has put himself on the path for capturing the Arrow. In the nick of time, Bucciarati sacrifices himself to destroy Chariot Requiem, allowing her soul to return her body and save her life while forcing Diavolo's soul away. Regaining consciousness, Trish warns Giorno that Diavolo is trying to escape, which inadvertently leads him to attack Giorno to save his own pride after hearing the comment. However, Giorno has already pierced Gold Experience with the Arrow. Trish then bears witness to the awakening of Giorno's newfound Stand, known as Gold Experience Requiem, and watches as her father and his seemingly invincible Stand ability are finally defeated. Skeptical that Diavolo might still be alive after being sent into the nearby river, Trish urges Giorno to look for him. However, he diffuses her worries with confidence that Diavolo's fate is final. She accepts the response then decides to go with Mista back in order to see the Coliseum and look for Bucciarati unknowing of his death. Giorno and Polnareff know of Bucciarati's fate but the reactions of Trish and Mista at this discovery remain unknown. In the light novel Purple Haze Feedback, it is revealed that after the events of Vento Aureo, Trish pursued a career as a successful pop star. She mentions in a radio interview that she had been on stage for most of her life, accompanied by her late mother and manager. She gives thanks to "an amazing group of people" that helped her through her hiatus, referencing her time with Team Bucciarati. Trish makes her playable game debut in the PS2 Game, voiced by Natsuki Rio. Much like Giorno and Bucciarati, Trish's main move is her Stand cry attack, being Spice Girl's WANNAABEE, her other abilities allow Spice Girl to make anything it touches softens (such move only works on Super Story Mode, for other Modes the same move is used for a stronger attack), a dash flying kick that sends the opponent far away and Trish can also use a piece of pipe to make a lower attack (the same pipe she used to attack Notorious B.I.G). Trish is playable on chapters 14 and 15 during Story Mode. In both battles, she faces two different sizes of Notorious B.I.G - a small version and a bigger version. At the beginning of chapter 14, Trish can't use Spice Girl; after reaching the other side of the plane, she is allowed to use the Stand. For the second battle, the player needs to survive two minutes against a giant version of Notorious B.I.G Trish is briefly mentioned in some texts during Part 5 Story Mode. For the English localization, her Stand, Spice Girl, was renamed Spicy Lady. Trish Una was confirmed for Eyes of Heaven alongside her father and Bruno Bucciarati. As a Stand User, Trish is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant her uniqueness in battle. A trait exclusive to Trish is that she is immune to being wall-splat; at any time she is knocked into a wall, Spice Girl's ability will instantly activate and cause her to recover immediately, making it more difficult for her opponents to combo her. Spice Girl will also trap larger stage objects, making them repel opponents that touch them. Another unique ability Trish possesses allows objects thrown by her to ricochet off walls up to 3 times; if Trish is locked on, the object will ricochet towards her target, otherwise flying at the nearest opponent. She is paired with Bucciarati in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, having been placed in the F Block series of battles to be incorporated into the main Tournament. They defeated Diavolo and Joshu Higashikata in the first round, and Part 4 Jotaro Kujo and Diego Brando from Another Universe in the second, being incorporated into the main branch. In the semifinals, they defeated Giorno and Mista in the first round but were eliminated by Jolyne Cujoh and Gyro Zeppeli in the second.

Stand Name: Spice Girl is the Stand of Trish Una, featured in Vento Aureo. A rare feature among Stands, Spice Girl is fully sentient and has a consciousness separate from Trish's. Spice Girl's sentience is to the point where she gives herself her own name. Likewise, Trish refers to the Stand as "her" and "she", unlike the common "it" used by other Stand Users. The Stand nonetheless considers herself a part of Trish. Spice Girl is collected under pressure and openly analyzes the situation to help advise Trish. She considers hesitation to lead to weakness and inversely, praises the value of one's determination, the reverse of hesitation. In battle, Spice Girl is merciless and was shown to very crudely insult Notorious B.I.G as she thrusts a pipe into it. Trish first becomes aware of Spice Girl's existence due to the Stand actually speaking to her when she was panicking over what to do about Notorious B.I.G, but Spice Girl claims that she's been on Trish's side ever since she was a little girl. In her first appearance, Spice Girl takes the role of Trish's mentor and constantly advises her, but also pushes her to be braver. After Trish stands for herself, Spice Girl becomes more passive. She also openly acknowledges Giorno Giovanna's role in influencing Trish's spirit into maturing, referring to him as a mysterious individual. Her battle/Stand cry is "WANNABEEE~" (in reference to the Spice Girls' debut single). Spice Girl is a close-range Stand with considerable strength. She was able to use a pipe to stab and section Notorious B.I.G into pieces in an attempt to destroy it and could break off the front of a plane by rapidly punching the walls and roof of the cabin. Moreover, her softening power enables her to take advantage of Trish's surroundings easily. With Trish's bold and ingenious command, Spice Girl proves to be a valuable addition to Team Bucciarati. Spice Girl is able to soften any material she strikes. When Spice Girl hits something with her fists, she can soften said object into a rubber-like consistency. Any material, even metal or rock, will be softened into the same state. Said objects gain consistency and elasticity akin to rubber or putty, unable to be crushed even by a strong Stand like Notorious B.I.G or be punctured by any force including sharp objects and thus making said object actually many times more resilient. She can even soften moving objects like bullets, causing projectiles to merely flatten upon contact. Not only that, moving objects that are softened retain their kinetic energy when returned to normal, allowing Trish to unleash surprise attacks using projectiles that were thought to be neutralized. Because of the elasticity, the object accumulates energy when deformed and, when allowed to return to normal can create a sudden, violent backlash. The softness can persist even if contact between Spice Girl and the object is broken. She may also freely undo her power when needed.

Stand User: Ungalo is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Ungalo is one of DIO's illegitimate children with an unnamed woman. When he fatefully meets with Enrico Pucci, he awakens his Stand, Bohemian Rhapsody, and causes mayhem by bringing out fictional characters into reality in order to kill the Joestar Group. Ungalo inherited some of his father's worst traits, including general sadism and a desire for revenge against the world. He is also a drug addict and is angered quite easily. Bohemian Rhapsody allows Ungalo to bring out fictional characters into the real world and also force people to relive the story of the character they identify themselves with the most. Prior to going to Florida (drawn by Enrico Pucci's "gravitational force"), Ungalo was a drug addict who lived a life of despair, not yet aware of his Stand ability Bohemian Rhapsody. Ungalo is first introduced holding a pair of scissors to Pucci's neck. Pucci, however, calmly explains that there is a certain "gravitational force" that attracts certain people together. In response to this, Ungalo impales Pucci through the throat, but Pucci somehow stays alive, going on to explain that Ungalo missed a vital nerve by a millimeter. Pucci then suggests that Ungalo use his energy for wiser things than drugs. At this moment the police officers shoot at him and he is miraculously dragged away by the stick figure from a nearby "Do Not Walk" sign. For the remainder of the fight, Ungalo was unseen, as he activated Bohemian Rhapsody to bring fictional characters to life, where they run amok in the world. He travels in a plane, drinking wine and enjoying hearing of the chaos his newfound power caused, claiming it as revenge against the whole world for the miserable life he had. However, he is distracted by a cheerful girl reading from a Peter Pan book, and realizes that his Stand was already defeated. Ungalo subsequently loses his will to live upon realizing that he will be reverting back to his hopeless life. Ungalo is seen again among his other half-brothers Donatello Versus and Rikiel. His stable mental state implies this discussion had happened before he had boarded the plane and allowed Bohemian Rhapsody to run amok.

Stand Name: Bohemian Rhapsody is the Stand of Ungalo, featured in Stone Ocean. Bohemian Rhapsody only manifests as a phenomenon and thus has no appearance or personality to speak of. However, the characters brought to life are quite lively, from the jovial dwarfs to the murderous sheeps. As the dwarfs mention being fans of The Terminator or Star Wars, the fictional characters also seem to be aware of separate franchises. Bohemian Rhapsody is an extremely powerful Stand ability which can affect the entire world and has caused untold chaos. Despite its range and the esoteric nature of its power making it impossible to defend against through conventional means, it can ultimately be defeated by its own power. Bohemian Rhapsody is able to bring fictional characters depicted in images into reality through media containing them. Cartoon and anime characters, even works of art and drawings are affected. When one meets a character they like, their souls are dragged into the character's role, taking the appearance and the fate of the character because, as Pinocchio claims, they secretly wish to be able to live their fantasies. The soul and the body of the victim now act independently, as if the person was split; moreover the separation is immediate and almost unnoticeable to the victim. The soul is visible to only other souls and only the soul can use the person's Stand. Although some can be dragged into a happy story, it is especially dangerous to be dragged into a story where the character dies. The characters are made of the same material they came from, and thus cannot easily be destroyed; shown when the mother goat is simply folded into paper when punched. There is no way to change the course of the story one find themselves in as they are already written. Running away or hiding from the characters is useless as objects will simply unfold like paper that enable the characters to walk through or even teleport. Destroying the fictional character that brought a victim into a story is the only way to return the soul back into the body. The images of characters destroyed in reality don't return to the books and papers they were featured. The only example shown in the manga is after Pinocchio was killed by Anasui. The Stand draws power from the original artist's creativity and passion put into the animation, and thus its range is infinite. One may be immune to this ability if they have neither knowledge of the story nor character, but this is difficult due to the number of characters brought to life, as well as the character's ability to act even based on subconscious recognition and drag even unwilling victims like Anasui into the role of the wolf in The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids. Due to this and its worldwide range, it is practically impossible to find and defeat the user. Despite its tremendous power, it can be defeated through the creation of a fictional character by a talented hand, whose sole role is to eliminate other fictional characters to cancel Bohemian Rhapsody. The countries most heavily affected by the Stand were stated to have been the U.S., Japan, Italy, and France while the Stand was active.

Stand User: Blackmore is a minor antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. Blackmore is one of Funny Valentine's henchmen. When Lucy Steel's intrusion is discovered while she investigates Valentine's schemes, Blackmore is tasked with tracking and eliminating whoever tried to spy on the President. Blackmore is a Stand User, wearing his mask-Stand Catch the Rainbow to literally walk on falling raindrops. Blackmore is an efficient assassin, deeply loyal to Valentine; equally believing in his authority and cause. Blackmore is largely depicted with a placid personality, talking slowly and being impassive to most things. However, his mission towards the corpse part excites himself greatly and he even becomes exalted when he feels the presence of Jesus. Usually obedient to Valentine, he falls to a brief temptation to take the Corpse Part for himself but regains his senses after being shot, ultimately deeming that Valentine is the worthiest of them all. Alongside Blackmore's calm personality is his great analytical acumen, allowing him to effortlessly track an intruder and unmask Lucy Steel through the various indirect clues found during his short investigation. As one of the President's men, he also coldly approaches murder, killing Mountain Tim without a second thought and being prepared to do the same to Lucy, Gyro, and Johnny. Blackmore has a notable verbal tic, as he regularly mutters "'Scuse me" to people, an informal derivative of "Excuse me". He keeps the habit even with his employer and current President, Funny Valentine. Scuse me Excuse me With his Stand, Catch the Rainbow, Blackmore may manipulate rain, including by halting falling drops, making them into threatening obstacles or a path he may cross in air; and relocating functioning parts of/or his entire body with their moving touch and force. Blackmore is introduced as one of Funny Valentine's loyal men, and an especially skilled assassin. His mission is to recover the Saint Corpse Parts that Johnny and Gyro had so far collected. Valentine enlists Blackmore's help in searching for a local saboteur, who is Lucy Steel. When Mountain Tim helps her escape, Blackmore confronts him. After incurring one gunshot wound, he incapacitates Tim in a Stand duel before executing him. Meeting the protagonists, they are quickly surprised and overwhelmed by Blackmore and his Stand, which demonstrates novel defensive and offensive capabilities. Blackmore takes the Corpse Parts back with him along with Lucy Steel. Using a phone to talk to Funny Valentine, he is distracted by the image of the Saint, before Lucy shoots him with a gun she had been hiding. Though fatally injured, Blackmore resists, plugging his wounds with raindrops harnessed with his Stand. Chasing the protagonists, another battle ensues before his weakness is discovered and he is defeated. As per his Stand's limitation, he finally dies when it stops raining and he bled out.

Stand Name: Catch the Rainbow is the Stand of Blackmore, featured in Steel Ball Run. Catch the Rainbow functions as an ability for Blackmore, who personally deploys his control over rain to fight. Although powerful in heavy rains, Blackmore's Stand deactivates if the weather becomes clear again. Catch the Rainbow allows its user to utilize or manipulate rain in various unusual ways. The most basic ability of Catch the Rainbow is to stop raindrops in their tracks and make them float in mid-air, becoming solid enough to support Blackmore and also deflect projectiles such as a Steel Ball. With this, Blackmore is able to tread on them and reach high altitudes. He can either stop a few select raindrops to walk on, stop several of them over a large zone or create blades out of them. If a target attempts to move through rain stopped by Catch the Rainbow, the drops will tear and penetrate them, potentially creating fatal wounds. Blackmore is also able to meld with rain. He can let the raindrops fall through him and create holes in his body, with the disappearing body parts materializing from the same raindrops at a distance from the body and remaining functional despite the separation. For instance, he can project his mouth at a distance and talk to someone. He can fuse entirely with the rain and becomes intangible like water, able to evade gunshots, but also travel at high speed across great distances as long as there is rain. Blackmore demonstrates the ability to plug his wounds with raindrops and stem all bleeding, although it is only a temporary measure.

Stand User: Devo the Cursed is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. An infamous Native American shaman and assassin in DIO's service, Devo ambushes Jean Pierre Polnareff in his hotel room in Singapore. He is a Stand User and uses Ebony Devil. Devo At first, Polnareff believes Devo to be a complete idiot, since he was hiding in the fridge of Polnareff's room and left all the drinks outside above said fridge, making himself easily detectable. But Devo pretended to be sloppy to be detected by Polnareff and get hit by his Stand. He is also extremely sadomasochistic, taking blows with ecstatic joy while planning to kill his victims in brutal ways. Through the control of his doll, he becomes even more psychotic and perverse. Devo's Stand is Ebony Devil, converting the "hate" embodied by attacks on him into increased physical power with which he may imbue inanimate objects, such as a puppet, as an indirect means of attack. According to Devo, his Stand represents the Devil Tarot Card, which represents confusion and unluckiness. Everyone who met Devo before had the unluckiness to be "cursed" by him and killed without even knowing why. demonstrating how unlucky they were to cross his path. When Polnareff first encounters Devo he is initially confused by Ebony Devil's lack of reaction to his attack and Devo's stupidity. This confusion is further aggravated by Devo's happiness for being hurt by Polnareff and Ebony Devil's mischievous behavior in their battle. The Devil card can indicate any sort of addiction or obsession, something with which we can tend to get "carried away" to the point of losing control over our actions. In other words, it signifies self-bondage to an idea or belief which is preventing a person from growing or being healthy. Should "The Devil" represent a person, it will most likely be someone addicted to money and power; one who is persuasive, aggressive, and controlling. Devo fits exactly in this description: He has killed numerous people just for money and persuaded every one of them to attack him before murdering them. Prior to allying with DIO, Devo was already known all over the world as a lethal assassin hired by numerous figures in the criminal underworld. Having met Devo at the time, explaining Devo's method of assassinating his targets by having them make the first move, Muhammad Avdol explains no person who seen Devo's Stand lived to tell about it. This leads many ordinary people to believe that Devo curses his victims to suffer a horrific death, hence his moniker. Arriving in Singapore ahead of the Joestar Group, Devo hid away within a fridge in the hotel room that Jean Pierre Polnareff was taking. When Polnareff noticed the removed alcoholic beverages, he deduced Devo's presence and forced the assassin to reveal himself. Devo did just that, activating his Stand and having Silver Chariot land the first blow at the cost of his left eye. In horrific pain as his Stand quickly possessed a doll unseen, Devo sadistically curses Polnareff to suffer an agonizing death before falling off from the balcony. But in reality, Devo escaped to the bathroom on one of the lower floors and remained in a stall to act out his curse through his Stand-possessed doll. Ebony Devil manages to tie Polnareff under the bed so that Silver Chariot would lack its user's direct eyesight while killing a hotel employee. The doll proceeds to spill the alcohol over the floor and on Polnareff with the intent to use a malfunctioning hair dryer to either burn the Frenchman or electrocute him. However, Polnareff shattered a mirror during the fight and the reflection of its fragments to finally counterattack Devo's Stand with a clear view. Once freed, Polnareff asks for information about J. Geil, but Devo refuses to talk and dies of horrific mutilation as Polnareff brutally destroys Ebony Devil and its vessel. Devo is one of the many bosses featured in the game. In the game, Devo actually attacks the group in India although he still ambushes them in a hotel. The group encounters Devo when they enter their hotel room and Devo flies after a brief battle declaring that his grudge will fuel Ebony Devil, much like the original manga. This fight directly features Devo and Ebony Devil. Afterward, the group is attacked by Ebony Devil possessing the doll for a second fight and the doll will eventually flee. However, the group will be attacked a third time and defeat Ebony Devil for good. Afterward the group can go check the bathroom and take the Roof Key from Devo's corpse. Devo (called D'Bo in the English version) functions mostly the same as he did within the manga. He ambushes the Joestar party during their stay in Singapore by hiding in their refrigerator, but he is defeated in the storylines of all the main characters. Devo also has his own storyline, in which he is promised one-hundred million dollars by DIO for the defeat of Jotaro and his companions. He kills one hero after another until he finally slays Jotaro himself. Devo, wanting to collect his grand reward, travels to Dio's mansion. There he meets Vanilla Ice, who proceeds to question the Shaman on his exploits. Devo, who has become smug with all of his recent success, becomes annoyed with Ice and threatens to kill him if he does not take him to DIO. Devo kills Ice in the resulting battle. Afterward, DIO is so impressed with Devo's power that he offers him even more money, in exchange for the Shaman's permanent servitude. Devo refuses the vampire's offer and kills him, and becomes the most widely respected (and feared) kingpin in the underworld afterward. Devo is one of the most unique characters in the game. While most characters with an Active Stand have their guardian immobilized in front of them, Devo's doll is allowed to roam freely across the battlefield when activated and lays dormant on the ground when it is not. Aside from directly controlling his Stand, Devo can also order Ebony Devil to lunge at his opponent once, leaving him free to attack with his main body while they are distracted. This allows clever players to lure their opponents between Devo and Ebony Devil, and pincer them between a deadly flurry of attacks. Despite all of these interesting advantages, Devo has several key weaknesses that need to be compensated for. While he is controlling Ebony Devil, he is completely vulnerable and will take massively increased damage if his main body is attacked while he is stationary. Also, since Ebony Devil only moves when he is controlled, the opponent can easily keep his distance or push Devo away from his Stand, cutting off his line of support; Ebony Devil by this proxy also requires more effective positioning to avoid any attacks landed on it (which inflicts indirect damage to Devo), as it still counts as a normal extension of himself like all standard Stands. Devo is considered to be a solid mid-to-high tier character in the metagame, and despite requiring some complex planning and thought to use most effectively, is a very powerful and rewarding character to play.

Stand Name: Ebony Devil is the Stand of Devo, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Ebony Devil is operated remotely, relying on its user's sadistic personality to kill its target. Its personality was inspired by Chucky from the film Child's Play, as well as other horror movies. The Stand acts maniacal and vulgar, frequently laughing while trapping its opponent and devising new torture methods. It represents the Tarot Card The Devil, which symbolizes confusion and misfortune. Ebony Devil is risky in that Devo must be injured by his targets first in order for the Stand to work. However, when set up, it can then ambush its victim and proves to be elusive. Ebony Devil's power activates once Devo is hit by his foe. It then grows more powerful depending on the hatred Devo feels towards his enemy relative to the amount of damage he's received. Ebony Devil can then transfer itself to something physical in order to attack, preferably a doll in its unique appearance. It will begin to attack its foe, starting quietly and escaping its opponent's notice, before causing more and more misfortune as necessary. Much like other remote Stands, Devo can control the doll from a distance and can see through its eyes. In addition, any damage reflected on the possessed object is reflected on Devo; when Jean Pierre Polnareff stabbed the doll, the user was killed.

Stand User: Bruno Bucciarati is the deuteragonist of Vento Aureo. Bucciarati is a mobster and the leader of his own squad within the powerful Neapolitan gang, Passione. Sent out to track whoever attacked Leaky-Eye Luca and debuting as Giorno Giovanna's opponent, Bucciarati becomes the first to lend meaningful support to Giorno in his ascension in Passione's ranks. Bucciarati is also a Stand User who wields Sticky Fingers in battle. Bucciarati makes a small appearance in the one-shot wearing a blue two-buttoned jacket plus a matching pull-over and dotted shirt underneath it, with gray trousers and brown shoes. His black hair is consistently portrayed with a red tint, as opposed to his usual blue. Bruno Bucciarati, first introduced as a sly gangster, is quickly revealed to be a righteous and extremely determined, if brutal, individual. During his introductory arc, Bucciarati acts like a seemingly affable gangster toward Giorno Giovanna, starting chitchat on various subjects during which Bucciarati reveals his more violent side. This behavior is later shown to be an act he puts up with unfamiliar people outside of Passione, and he would later conduct himself in the same manner with two airport security guards. Bucciarati's most important character traits are his righteousness and his natural kindness. Bucciarati is dedicated to taking the most honorable course of action, even if he puts his life at risk. For instance, at the age of seven, Bucciarati chose to stay with his father when his parents divorced as he thought he should support the one parent who suffered from this separation. Moreover, Bucciarati overtly rebelled against Diavolo when the Boss clearly wanted to kill his daughter, Trish Una, resulting in his premature death. Bucciarati is loyal to the civilians of his territory, being considerate with them accepting their requests for help, and is generally nice to the people he meets. Bucciarati respects and upholds several values such as having resolve, commending Giorno's resolve in their fight, selflessness as he is prepared to sacrifice himself for his beliefs and his duties, and family loyalty, being outraged that Diavolo would dare hurt his own child. Like his team, Bucciarati believes that resolve involves risking one's own life for a just cause, a standard he constantly holds up to by putting himself in danger and betting on the enemy's lesser resolve to prevail, until his climactic self-sacrifice against Diavolo. During their first fight, Diavolo even praised how Bucciarati kept his consciousness and tried to counterattack despite an open chest wound. He also readily admires this same resolve whenever it shows up in an opponent, noting that Giorno and Pesci (temporarily) have such resolve. According to Giorno, Bucciarati believes in individual freedoms, and that people are free to die however they wish. However, Bucciarati also particularly despises the drug trade, which caused his father's death and is hurting the population on a large scale, especially children, thus any mention of it unnerves him. Because of his allegiance to Passione which is selling drugs in the street, Bucciarati is conflicted between his code and his duty as a gang member. Giorno notes that Bucciarati was at odds with himself when he used Sticky Fingers to hide inside the body of a teenager who was addicted to drugs. Due to this, he decided to quietly support Giorno Giovanna's infiltration of the gang while still working for the organization. Shown to be against Narancia joining the gang, telling him to live a normal life, Bucciarati doesn't hold the gangster life in high regard. Bucciarati also looks down on spiteful violence, going back on his praise of Pesci when he saw that Pesci wanted to kill Bucciarati's team out of spite rather than tactical insight. In contrast to his righteousness, Bucciarati has a violent and ruthless side. At the age of twelve, Bucciarati murdered his father's would-be aggressors in cold blood, and as a gangster, kept his tendency toward violence. Upon their first meeting, Bucciarati violently beat down Giorno and referred to his interrogation as a torture session and didn't stop the team from beating and torturing Mario Zucchero. Having worked for a gang for years, Bucciarati is an experienced fighter, being able to discern whenever killing intent is genuine, is unfazed by empty threats, and is able to keep calm even during a desperate looking fight. Likewise, Bucciarati will often use lethal force against his enemies as demonstrated against Prosciutto and Pesci whom he caused to be run over by a train and dismembered, as well as against Secco whom he deafened with a popped car tire. During a fight, Bucciarati is both brave and cautious. While he is ready to sacrifice himself in order to win, Bucciarati will try tactical retreats and sneak attacks regularly, as seen when he tried to ambush Diavolo. The versatile Sticky Fingers notably allows him to perform unpredictable tricks such as giving himself a greater range or suddenly disappear and maneuver out of trouble. Even when pitted against a physically weaker Stand, Bucciarati takes precautions and thus he can be seen performing a strategic retreat against Gold Experience; even more so against a stronger Stand such as Oasis. Nonetheless, when push comes to shove, Bucciarati will recklessly risk his life if it enables him to win following his philosophy of resolve. Bucciarati is consistently shown to be serious, even as a young child, and usually keeps a serious and unflinching demeanor throughout the story. Moreover, Bucciarati takes his responsibility as a team leader seriously, considering that a lieutenant has the double duties to accomplish the mission but also to ensure that his subordinates live. That makes Bucciarati extremely determined in a fight if the lives of his teammates are in stakes, and Bucciarati routinely takes reckless actions to ensure their safety, for instance dragging Prosciutto out of a speeding train to take him out and prevent him from aging the team to death. During most of the story, Bucciarati always acts with a given objective in mind (take Polpo's treasure or bodyguarding Trish for instance), and always pays mind to it. As a result, Bucciarati can be seen reining in his less disciplined subordinates in regard to focusing on their goal. For the sake of his teammates, Bucciarati keeps a stern facade of determination, ordering his team to carry on despite the recent loss of Abbacchio even though he too was internally distressed by Abbacchio's sudden death. Bucciarati keeps a strong relationship with his team, being severe but fair and giving them praise whenever he thinks it is earned. His habit of looking for misfits and treating them humanely and often with kindness has indeed secured their loyalty, allowing the majority of the group to stay united under him even when they rebel against the Boss of Passione. Furthermore, each member of Bucciarati's team looks up to his abilities and believe that under his leadership that they can achieve greatness. For instance, Guido Mista was let out of prison thanks to Bucciarati, and Narancia was struck by Bucciarati's stern but humane behavior toward him, both ultimately trusting him to win against Passione. Bucciarati is shown to have a paternal side with Narancia, whom he sheltered and counseled to stay away from the life of a gangster, as well as with Trish whose worries about being the daughter of a mob boss he tries to comfort the best he can. In the brutal world of gangsters, Bucciarati nonetheless holds no illusion that they are constantly risking their lives. Bucciarati's Stand Sticky Fingers allows him to create zippers on any solid object or surface, including his own body parts, which he can zip open and close at his leisure. Sticky Fingers also demonstrates exceptional strength and defense in combat. Bucciarati is a remarkable fighter in a Stand fight; having mastered the versatile power of Sticky Fingers, he can easily use the environment to his advantage, restrain his enemies, swiftly evade incoming attacks, and attack from blind spots. His natural selflessness means that survival is not among his priorities, thus his actions will easily surprise his opponents. Bucciarati is also a perceptive fighter, having been able to quickly deduce the weaknesses of King Crimson despite being fatally injured and proceed to take advantage of them. He is able to analyze his opponents' fighting styles and perceive their strengths and weaknesses. Bucciarati is able to know if someone is lying simply by looking at them, claiming that when a person lies their skin glistens due to sweating. He can also taste a person's sweat to distinguish them as a liar, claiming that the sweat of a liar tastes sweeter than normal. During the events at San Giorgio Maggiore island, Bucciarati was given a lethal blow by the boss and was subsequently healed by Giorno's Gold Experience. Bucciarati eventually reveals that his life had ended at that time, however, his body continued to move only through the "life energy" that Giorno had given him. In this undead state, Bucciarati lacks bodily functions such as breathing, a heartbeat, or the ability to feel pain. However, it also allowed him to be immune to the effects of Green Day, and although the decay of his body gradually made him functionally blind and deaf, he could still converse with others through the ability to observe and feel what individual souls thought. life energy Bruno Bucciarati was born the son of a humble fisherman in a coastal town where he spent most of his happy childhood with two loving parents. The anime mentions that it was in a suburb of Naples. When Bucciarati was seven years old, his parents decided to divorce. His father wanted to remain in the fishing village where they lived while his mother wanted to move to the city. The two decided Bucciarati should choose who he wanted to live with. Bucciarati's mother tried to convince him to come with her to the city and receive an education, but in the end, Bucciarati said he would rather live with his father. Both parents were shocked, but Bucciarati's mother understood the reasoning behind Bucciarati's decision. Bucciarati knew, even at his young age, that once his mother reached the city she would forget the village, even if she was crying and sad at the moment. However, his father would remain alone and slowly grow old and die and that he needed someone there with him. This kindness was a part of Bucciarati's personality, though his mother hoped that this kindness wouldn't change his life for the worse. One day, Bucciarati learned about Leaky-Eye Luca's death and was tasked to investigate the matter. Bucciarati also received a request from a flower shop owner who explained that his daughter had mysteriously jumped from atop a building to kill herself and asked Bucciarati to take revenge on his daughter's boyfriend whom he thought was the culprit behind this incident. Willing to give the man closure but being against simple murder, Bucciarati thus sent Mista to interrogate the boyfriend while Fugo convinced him to be sent instead. At the same time, Mista had been spotting Rolling Stones stalking Bucciarati but his confusion worried Bucciarati, who decided to follow Mista. Bucciarati was almost touched by Rolling Stones but was saved by Mista grabbing it and jumping from the seventh' floor to destroy the stone, surviving the fall by landing on Fugo's car. Mista had learned that Rolling Stones showed that Bucciarati was fated to die and sought to prevent this fate by destroying the stone. Seeing both Mista and Fugo injured, Bucciarati ultimately decided to investigate Luca's death. Bucciarati encounters Giorno Giovanna on a funicular and interrogates him about the murder of Luca. He uses Sticky Fingers to intimidate Giorno by using Luca's dead body parts before engaging him and his Gold Experience in direct combat, with the intent to kill the teenager. Bucciarati is punched by Giorno's Stand, leaving him vulnerable to a follow-up attack that knocks a tooth out of his mouth. Realizing that a direct confrontation might be dangerous against Gold Experience's power, Bucciarati decides to flee and recuperate, but Giorno gives chase, refusing to let him escape. Finding a crowd of people, Bucciarati uses his Stand hide inside the body of a thirteen-year-old but is quickly discovered by Giorno using Gold Experience's power and his own missing tooth. Bucciarati decides to directly fight Giorno and tricks him into attacking the arm of a bystander he's attached on himself and almost cuts Giorno down with his zippers; however, Giorno detaches his own arm to punch Bucciarati again. Defeated, Bucciarati is taken aback when Giorno spares him. He learns that Giorno's decision was based on his hesitation at the sight of the arm belonging to the teenager he hid inside of; it had been injected with drugs. Bucciarati has only been spared because Giorno has seen that he is a good person. Following the conclusion of their fight, Giorno declares his intention to infiltrate Passione and considers Bucciarati an ally, although the gangster is quick to inform him that if either his ambitions to take control of the gang or his involvement as Luca's killer are discovered, he will not offer assistance to him as he claims that no one would help a traitor. After Giorno is initiated into Passione through one of Polpo's trials, Bucciarati explains to him that the most efficient way to overthrow the Boss is to be in his good graces and proceeds to introduce Giorno to his group. After Polpo is murdered by Giorno, staged to look like a suicide as he had used Gold Experience to disguise a gun as a banana, Bucciarati takes his gang to the island of Capri in order to seize four billion lire worth of hidden treasure that once belonged to Polpo, with Bucciarati having helped him hide it in the past. After being attacked by the Stand Soft Machine and its user, Mario Zucchero, and after Mista defeats Sale, Bucciarati eventually obtains the hidden treasure and hands it to Pericolo, who promotes him to the rank of capo and then immediately gives him the mission to protect the Boss' estranged daughter - Trish Una - from a rogue assassin team who seeks to kidnap and use her to expose the boss' identity. After a failed first mission resulting in Narancia sustaining an injury and an entire street being set on fire due to a battle between him and Formaggio, Bucciarati moves Trish and also retrieves a key from Pompeii for a turtle that possesses a Stand that will serve as a room for the group. This leads to an altercation concerning Fugo, Abbacchio, and Giorno and the enemy Stand user Illuso with his Stand Man in the Mirror. Upon examining the key, the team finds further instructions to go to Naples' train station and board a train to Venice. Bucciarati notices that he is followed by two assassins but finds Coco Jumbo, a turtle Stand User which can be used as a hideout. Thus, Bucciarati's team hides in the turtle, confusing the assassins. Later, while on board a moving train bound for Florence, Bucciarati and Mista battle against Prosciutto's The Grateful Dead and Pesci's Beach Boy. The Grateful Dead accelerates the aging of everyone aboard the train, including most of the group, leaving only Bucciarati and Mista to fight the assassins off. Though Mista is nearly killed by Prosciutto and unconscious for the rest of the fight, Bucciarati ambushes the two enemies and pulls Prosciutto out of the train along with him, successfully getting him off and re-entering the train in short order. However, Pesci becomes resolved to avenge his brother figure, and relentlessly attacks Bucciarati with his Stand's hook. With Beach Boy almost reaching his heart, Bucciarati unzips himself into many pieces to stop the hook. However, unlike the situation with Zucchero's head, Bucciarati's parts are truly disconnected from each other, slowly killing him. He nearly dies before the train steers and brings his parts back together just as Pesci retracts his Stand's line. Pesci stops the train and Bucciarati faces off with him outside, ending with Pesci being the victim of a punch barrage from Sticky Fingers as he's taken apart by the zippers and thrown into the nearby pond. Bucciarati and the gang continue their journey to Venice. While the team steals a car, Bucciarati and Trish are attacked by Baby Face and promptly defeated, but Giorno intercepts Baby Face and defeats him, also sending a snake after Melone to get rid of him. The team is instructed to use Moody Blues and discover Pericolo who tells them to retrieve a disc containing further instructions for Trish's final delivery. The team subsequently finds the disc, learn about the instructions and reach San Giorgio Maggiore, the final destination of their mission. Equipping himself with a "lucky charm" - secretly a tracking device - from Giorno after reaching the island of San Giorgio Maggiore, Bucciarati volunteers to escort Trish to the top of the church's belfry to meet her father. Trish, having never met her father, shies away from the elevator. Bucciarati responds by reassuring her that her father loves her and that she'll soon be given a new identity so that she could live her life in peace. To further comfort her, Bucciarati lets her hold his hand during the elevator ride up. It is then that after noticing the elevator ride felt somewhat shorter than expected, Bucciarati turns around to see that he's actually holding Trish's severed hand. He immediately realizes that the Boss only wanted Trish brought to him so that he could kill her himself and erase any potential leads to him and his identity, and in a fit of anger, gives pursuit. Sneaking up on the Boss from behind a column in order to assassinate him and save Trish, the Boss orders him to leave or die. The moment Bucciarati attacks, the Boss vanishes and asks him why he would betray the gang despite a mission accomplished. Yelling out that Trish never had a father in the Boss and that he will never understand how he feels, Bucciarati pulls out a mobile phone to contact Giorno. Given directions from his ally, he attacks the Boss through a nearby column, only to hit what he soon realizes is himself, left confused as his conscience switches over to the other him. The Boss and his King Crimson reappear before Bucciarati and punch clean through his torso, and though grievously injured, Bucciarati zips up the wound to trap King Crimson's hand and retaliates. The Boss proceeds to activate King Crimson's ability once more: the ability to erase time and see into the future. Effortlessly avoiding being hit, the Boss positions him behind Bucciarati and delivers a fatal chop that cleaves through much of his torso. Dying and helpless to save Trish, Bucciarati screams out and almost witnesses her being killed by her own father before the Boss is suddenly sucked into a turtle; Giorno has used his Gold Experience to revert the ladybug brooch-turned-tracking device back into a clone of Coco Jumbo which forces the Boss into the turtle. Noting how the boy always fills him with courage, Bucciarati musters the strength to take Trish and escape from the Boss by coming up with a plan involving the limited amount of time King Crimson can see into the future. When Giorno reaches Bucciarati, the capo appears to perish on the spot, before awakening and ordering him and the rest of the group back to the boat. Bucciarati later tells his team about his betrayal and asks the team to come with him. Abbacchio admits that he feels most at peace when he's with Bucciarati and Mista merely wants to get at the Boss's fortune, knowing Bucciarati would never fight a battle he couldn't win. Narancia begs Bucciarati for an order to follow him but is told to decide for himself. Fugo and Narancia are left behind, though in the end Narancia ultimately swims after the boat. Giorno notices that Bucciarati does not feel pain nor bleed, and after helping him up from faintness, he is cold to the touch. Following confrontations with members of the Boss' Guard Squad, including Tiziano and Squalo and their Stands, Talking Head and Clash respectively, at a restaurant and Carne's unique Stand, Notorious B.I.G., onboard a plane to Sardinia On Sardinia, the team investigates a stela near which the Boss supposedly took a picture of Trish's mother. Abbacchio's Moody Blue proceeds to rewind to fifteen years ago but Bucciarati is lures away alongside the rest of the team. Thus the Boss is able to approach Abbacchio and kill him. As a silver lining, Abbacchio manages to uncover the face of the Boss with his Moody Blues in his final moments and pass on his discovery to the team. Bucciarati receives contact from a third party that confirms the identity of the Boss as that of man named Diavolo, and is told to go to the Colosseum in Rome so that the mysterious contact can give them the Arrow which can unlock a power great enough to trump Diavolo's King Crimson. The team is ambushed on a coastal village near Rome by the Guard Squad members Secco and his Oasis and the sadistic Cioccolata and his Green Day. As a corpse, Bucciarati is immune to Green Day's mold and thus is able to fend off Secco. The team is subsequently able to drive to Rome, during which Bucciarati tells a dumbfounded Giorno that he is a dead soul piloting his own decaying corpse and that this state is nothing short of a miracle allowing him to see through his mission. Following a race to the Coliseum while the rest of his gang dealt with Cioccolata, Bucciarati manages to cripple Secco by damaging his hearing by popping a nearby car tire, as Secco desperately holds Vinegar Doppio hostage. However, Bucciarati manages to finish Secco off, sending him walking clumsily into a garbage truck as the Passione member desperately tries fiddling with the zipper that was placed on his body, never to be seen again. The battle with Secco takes its toll on Bucciarati himself, as his undead body shuts down. Bucciarati loses his sight and hearing. Incidentally, Doppio and Diavolo trick him into leading them to the meeting point with the mysterious party, revealed as Jean Pierre Polnareff. Bucciarati is then deceived into thinking that the teenager is actually Trish, once Doppio is informed by Diavolo through a call that Bucciarati can only sense people by their souls due to being undead - Diavolo disguises his soul as that of Trish's own and, once close enough, attacks and fights Polnareff and his Silver Chariot for the second time. Once Silver Chariot is pierced by the Arrow in Polnareff's possession after its user is effectively killed by Diavolo and King Crimson and transforms into Chariot Requiem, Bucciarati and Diavolo exchange bodies due to the soul manipulation powers of the newly-evolved Requiem Stand and Bucciarati's body, with Doppio inhabiting it. To stop whoever is in his body, Bucciarati orders his body to be shot. Eventually, after Narancia is gruesomely killed by King Crimson, it is deduced that Diavolo is hiding within the body of Mista "behind" the soul of Trish who also inhabits the body and Diavolo takes control. Giorno, Mista and Trish try to keep the Arrowhead away from Diavolo but the Boss then decides to punch through Trish, sending Mista's body flying towards the Arrow before anyone can react. Bucciarati makes his debut on the PS2 game, as a boss and playable character. Much like the events in Part 5, Bucciarati appears as the first enemy the player must face (controlling Giorno) in both Chapters 1 and 2. As Chapter 1 is more of the tutorial, the battle against him has the lowest difficulty in the entire game, with a single Stand Shoot attack doing a seventh of his health bar. In Chapter 2, he attempts to hide among four civilians, requiring Giorno to find him in order to beat him. All of his moves are shared as a boss and a playable character, and his attack pattern revolves around him using his Stand Shoot. Bucciarati battles the most enemies in the game, being playable in six different battles (surpassing even Giorno, who battles five enemies). Bucciarati appears in All Star Battle as a playable character, he was confirmed for the game alongside Narancia and Diavolo. His move set mostly remains the same from the previous game, and only received adjustments to make Bucciarati's moves more fitting for a fighting game character, such as allowing him to use zippers to chain combos. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Bucciarati can turn Sticky Fingers on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush While Sticky Fingers is off: While Sticky Fingers is on: Bucciarati's HHA, "Are you prepared? I am! ", involves him bracing himself with his arms before sprinting forward. If he successfully tackles the opponent, Bucciarati will grab them before falling with them into an open zipper on the ground created by Sticky Fingers, and deal a number of blows to them off-screen. Bucciarati finishes by creating a zipper in the air and pile-driving his victim, at the cost of a sliver of health. Bucciarati can regain this lost health over time, but only if he doesn't receive any more damage during this process. Are you prepared? I am! Arrivederci Alongside the rest of the playable members of his gang (sans Narancia), as well as Ermes Costello of Part 6, Bucciarati is one of the only characters who activate Resolve Mode instead of the normal Rumble Mode when low on health. In this state, attacks that do not result in hard knockdowns or blow-backs no longer phase the character. Resolve Mode If Bucciarati is in a round where he could be Retired, "Heaven's small coincidence" activates upon his defeat if he has at least one stock of the Heart Heat Gauge, granting him a small amount of Resolve Mode health to continue fighting with. Heaven's small coincidence If he is hit with Giorno's HHA, "Savor the taste of pain! ", Gold Experience delivers a potent hook to his jaw, effectively dislocating it as a tooth can be seen flying from his mouth, recreating the exact same scenario in the manga. Bucciarati was voted as the 4th most fan-favorite character in All Star Battle's League, making an exhibition match against Part 4 Josuke Higashikata to promote the game. Bucciarati was confirmed for Eyes of Heaven alongside Diavolo and Trish Una, as both a playable character and a guide NPC. As a Stand User, Bucciarati is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. Bucciarati is given an alternate costume. The costume is based on his appearance as a child, with his bangs parted in the middle, and lacking his hair's accessories and braid. He sports a simpler, more casual zipperless outfit consisting of a long, low cut v-neck shirt and open jacket over it, and wearing pants that do not have the spoon-like symbols that are signature to his normal appearance. He is paired with Trish in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, having been placed in the F Block series of battles to be incorporated into the main Tournament. They defeated Diavolo and Joshu Higashikata in the first round, and Part 4 Jotaro Kujo and Diego Brando from Another Universe in the second, being incorporated into the main branch. In the semifinals, they defeated Giorno and Mista in the first round but were eliminated by Jolyne Cujoh and Gyro Zeppeli in the second. Bucciarati was one of the characters first confirmed during the game's announcement. He has two unique zipper-related abilities allowing him to move quickly through walls, or hide in objects for a limited amount of time. As a valorous man and a capable leader, Bruno Bucciarati is respected and obeyed by every member of his team. While Bucciarati is severe with his subordinates, he is also protective of them and trusts them all, due to recognizing their own valor.

Stand Name: Sticky Fingers is the Stand of Bruno Bucciarati, featured in Vento Aureo. Sticky Fingers is one of the few Stands used in conjunction with its user's Stand cry. Bucciarati's trademark line begins by stringing "ARI, ARI, ARI, ARI" along with his rapid punches; followed by "Arrivederci!" ("Goodbye" in Italian) at his finishing attack. Sticky Fingers is a close-range Stand whose excellent strength and speed make it suitable for direct combat. In addition, it possesses a very versatile ability in the form of its zippers. Sticky Fingers' primary ability is to create zippers on any surface it touches with its fist, which it can remotely open or close at its leisure. For example, Sticky Fingers can hit a wall, unzip it to create an opening and go through it, then close the zipper. Bucciarati can even create zippers that cut through the entirety of objects, allowing him to dismantle them. With this ability, he can separate enemies into multiple pieces and even perform a cutting attack by detaching something and then canceling the zipper. How harmful the detachment is portrayed inconsistently. When Mario Zucchero's head was removed, he was kept alive but on the other hand, when Bucciarati himself sectioned parts of his own body into pieces, blood and oxygen could not circulate through the rest of his body as a result, slowly killing him as if his parts were actually cut off from each other. It's possible that Bucciarati has some amount of control of the damage caused by this ability, as he later sectioned Pesci in a similar way with an immediately lethal effect. Inversely, Bucciarati is free to attach several things together with his zippers. It allowed him to block King Crimson's arm when it impaled his chest or even attach another's arm to his body. It also enabled Abbacchio to heal his severed hand. Because the zippers are remotely opened and closed, Bucciarati can take advantage of the zipping itself. He can create long zippers over surfaces and control the zipping to rapidly reposition himself if he holds the zipper's handle, for instance, to move down a lift shaft using the zipper to slow down his descent. Moreover, nearly cutting an object in two then rapidly closing the zipper from a distance creates a makeshift pincer. If Bucciarati opens a zipper to inside a voluminous object, it actually doesn't show the interior of the object but a dark space in which Bucciarati can put objects like precious items to safely store or himself to hide.

Stand User: Secco is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. As a member of Passione and the Boss' Unità Speciale, Secco is dispatched along with his master Cioccolata near Rome in order to kill Team Bucciarati. He subsequently battles Bruno Bucciarati personally in the streets of Rome. Secco is a Stand User and wears his Oasis as a suit to fight in person. However, Secco's actual personality appears to be far from that of a loyal dog. However his opinon on Ciccolata changes upon his death, claiming that he only listened to the latter because Secco believed he was strong, smart, had money and gave him candy. Secco goes on to claim that he no longer needs Cioccolata, calling him weak and spitting on the camera he originally used to film Cioccolata's victims. Subsequently, he demonstrates a higher intellect and understanding, showing a very curious and malevolent attitude as well as an ability to speak at length and analyze. He's also prideful of his abilities, being insulted by Bucciarati's rough imitation of them while they were racing towards Jean Pierre Polnareff's location in Rome. Oasis is a suit-like Stand granting him physical strength beyond human limits and the ability to liquefy objects he touches. Spitting: Secco has an uncanny precision when he spits objects, to the point he can deflect bullets by spitting rocks at them. His spitting ability is also more powerful than average, as he is shown liquefying a large amount of rock to spit them upward, turning them into spikes that bombard a large area around him. Spitting: Hearing: Due to his habit of swimming underground, Secco developed a keen sense of hearing in order to locate his targets while underground. With this, he's able to determine the general location of a person from afar, and his precision increases the closer he is to his target. Hearing: Secco was once one of Cioccolata's 'patients', used to satiate the latter's morbid desire to see others die slowly and painfully. He is somehow spared and becomes the mad doctor's loyal sidekick. Eventually, they were recruited into Passione, and both received Stands. The anime also subtly inserts him into Squadra Esecuzioni's backstory by implying that he participated in the execution of Sorbet and Gelato, filming the whole ordeal. Secco and Cioccolata were deployed by the Boss as a last resort to intercept Team Bucciarati in Rome and eliminate them. First attacking Guido Mista and Bucciarati, Secco proved to be a far more powerful opponent than Bucciarati earlier believed and eventually is fought by him alone. Upon him discovering that Bucciarati's body was not affected by Cioccolata's Green Day, he instantly demanded to know the reason behind it, believing he could use it to defeat the boss. Secco demonstrates his ability to attack faster than even Sticky Fingers, using the ground to amplify the momentum behind his punches (mentioned by Bucciarati to be akin to a wrestler using the ropes of the ring). Secco heavily damages his target before noticing the traitor's third-party ally in the Colosseum. He continues to assault Bucciarati with the plan to kill the unknown individual afterward, but Bucciarati escapes underground using his zippers. Angered at him for stealing his "special moves", Secco gives chase. After forcing Bucciarati above ground, he moves in to finish him off. However, Sticky Fingers punches a nearby tire, and resulting pop bursts Secco's eardrums (along with Bucciarati's own), rendering his tracking abilities useless. He then becomes disoriented and fearful to the point of taking a boy hostage. However, the boy was revealed to be Doppio, who is unfazed by Secco and Bucciarati's battle. Bucciarati uses Sticky Fingers to hit both of them, using his ability to punch through Doppio without hurting him and putting a zipper on Secco, keeping his arm stuck to his chest and making his throat melt in the process. Secco panics to take it off, then trips into the same combustible garbage truck that Cioccolata was previously dumped into. As the truck drives away to a garbage-processing plant, Secco notices Ciocolata's body and attempts, in vain, to wake him up. Secco appears as the enemy faced in Chapters 17 and 19. During Chapter 17, the player takes control of Mista and needs to reach the stage exit point. Mista must not stop moving at any given point during the chapter or will begin taking continuous damage from Green Day. Secco will appear at fixed points on the stage to attack the player with dive and sliding attacks, and though the player can temporarily stun him by hitting or shooting him, he cannot be defeated as he has no health bar, leaving the only method of winning being reaching the exit ramp. One of Secco's most powerful abilities involves him grabbing Mista and dragging him into the floor or wall he came out of, before throwing him out at certain points and setting him back. Secco is not faced again until Chapter 19, with the player taking control of Bucciarati, the fight is set in front of the Coliseum in Rome. For much of the fight, Secco will be partially submerged underground, either flinging 'mud' or diving at Bucciarati to deal damage, punching him when he gets too close. Secco can also leave liquefied concrete on the ground to trap the player, hitting Bucciarati if caught. He also uses his own form of an attacking barrage or Stand Shoot, where he dives through the ground with a sliding kick and starts to rapidly punch the player when they're in the air if they get caught not unlike a power-type Stand, dealing massive damage. Secco also spits mud into the air, which then rains back down as solid spikes in an area-of-effect attack that can deal anywhere between small to very large amounts of damage to Bucciarati, depending on where he is within range. Secco appears as a stage hazard in the Coliseum Stage. If one of the players is thrown into the hazard activation area, Secco will dive from Cioccolata's helicopter and liquefy five different spots on the map. Any fighter caught in the bubbling mud spots will take damage in short intervals, stunlocking them and leaving them vulnerable to their opponent until they've taken enough damage.

Stand Name: Oasis is the Stand of Secco, featured in Vento Aureo. Oasis is rare among Stands in that it appears as a suit for Secco to wear and fight with. Between its power to turn rock into mud and its enhancement of Secco to the point where he can overpower Sticky Fingers, it is a dangerous Stand to fight at close range. Oasis forms a deadly combination with Cioccolata's Green Day as Secco can force targets to sink underground, accelerating the growth of Green Day's lethal mold. In turn, Oasis's nature as a wearable Stand protects Secco from the mold, allowing him to operate with impunity even against mold-infected victims. Oasis' main power is to make solid ground, among other things, turn into mud. To liquefy the ground, Secco must touch the rock; if he loses contact with any chunk of it, it immediately hardens. The liquefied ground has the consistency of mud but also has elastic properties, enabling Oasis to be used in conjunction with Cioccolata's Green Day in order to make victims sink into the ground and have the mold of Green Day rot their flesh. However, Bucciarati does remark that the stone still conserves its solidity despite its liquified state. Secco's power is theorized to have a 10 meters range at most by Mista. The main use of this ability is to allow Secco to travel underground by swimming through it, keeping him both hidden from view and safe from attacks while allowing him to move at a faster pace than someone could run on the liquefied ground. Secco cannot see while traveling underground, however, and so relies on his hearing to help him track his enemies. With this power, Secco can also sink whole structures like a set of stairs into the ground. Moreover, he's able to weaponize this ability: by flinging the liquefied ground, Secco is able to turn it into harmful projectiles that injure his enemies (the liquid ground hardens the instant it breaks contact with Oasis). He mainly uses this by spitting liquid ground from his mouth, keeping his hands free for swimming. Depending on his method, he can spit rocks with enough power to deflect bullets, or spit a load of mud high into the air to rain down as deadly spikes. Oasis also allows Secco to augment the speed and power of his punches by taking advantage of the liquefied ground's elastic properties. By pushing his elbows into liquefied ground, he's able to rebound his arms off the surface and rapidly spring his fists toward his target as a result. This ability was described by Bucciarati as a "boxer bouncing off the ropes as he punches", enabling Secco to overpower a close-ranged Power-type Stand like Sticky Fingers. Oasis can also melt the human body if someone stays underground near Secco or through direct contact with him. Oasis enhances Secco's physical abilities, mainly his power and speed. While wearing Oasis, Secco can effortlessly dodge several bullets or even deflect them with his punches. He can kick faster than Sticky Fingers can punch, and he can punch the softened ground to create a shockwave powerful enough to flip several cars and destroy a section of the Colosseum.

Stand User: Aisho Dainenjiyama is a minor antagonist featured in JoJolion. Aisho is a Rock Human working as a security guard who secretly belongs to the Rokakaka Organization as a dealer. When Yasuho Hirose and Tsurugi Higashikata tail him in order to investigate the Rokakaka, he unleashes his Stand, Doobie Wah!, on them. Aisho is very nervous and paranoid most of the time. When he is upset, he tends to overreact to small things, such as a group of birds in the park. He is also easily frightened and intimidated by enemies he can not see. He can get so worried that he will briefly experience flashbacks to previous traumatic times/experiences. He is also noted to have been less capable of controlling his rock physiology, and may very well still be. This is evident in his inability to wake up for at least a month every time he falls asleep. It is a combination of this fact and his naivete that led him to misplace his trust in a previous lover which culminated in her cheating on him and selling his house while he slept in his rock form. It seems to be implied that Dainenjiyama has some sort of heart condition, as he is commonly shown with several 'Doki Doki' sound effects (a Japanese word that refers to the sound of a beating heart) around his person. This is reinforced later when he is shown taking pills for his heart. Aisho's Stand Doobie Wah! is able to create miniature tornadoes that automatically pursue its targets; it is capable of cutting flesh using the tornadoes' bases. He seems to be able to track or follow his Stand, as he uses it to locate Yasuho and Tsurugi just as it was about to kill them. This Stand is incredibly powerful, almost impossible to avoid or negate without ceasing to breathe entirely. Aisho was originally born as a nameless Rock Human. At some point in the past, Aisho acquired his identity as "Aisho Dainenjiyama", worked as a security guard at Morioh's baseball stadium. At the same, he was employed as a dealer for the Rokakaka Organization. In the past, Aisho owned a house and property in the countryside which his girlfriend would frequent during his periods of consciousness. During one such occasion, overcome with love and trust for this woman, he confided in her his secret and the conditions that caused him to disappear for a month at a time, thinking that she could be relied upon. Due to this mistake, after waking up from his next sleep cycle he was shocked to find that his house was being demolished. His friend Yotsuyu Yagiyama rescued him and explained to him the situation; his girlfriend had not only cheated on him while he slept, but had also stolen the deed to his land and sold it to property developers so she could disappear with the money. Aisho eventually came to be employed at the stadium that Yotsuyu designed. While secretly importing the fruits from Port Moresby to Morioh, Aisho was discovered by Yoshikage Kira while in rock form after the crate he was hiding in was damaged. Kira and Josefumi Kujo would then proceed to stalk him and at some point, steal a Rokakaka branch from him without being seen. He is first introduced into the story being viewed via Paisley Park interfacing with the security footage of Jobin being handed the mysterious fruit at a red light by Aisho. Yasuho proceeds to use her abilities to track his movements back to the stadium where he works and she theorizes that he must be keeping the trees which grow the fruits there. Through the combined powers of Paisley Park and Paper Moon King, they are able to follow him by shaping a phone into one of Tsurugi's living origami. After witnessing Aisho delivering the fruit to an elderly wheelchair ridden man they observe it's restorative abilities first-hand; regenerating the man's lost leg while simultaneously performing 'equivalent exchange' by rendering him blind, although he rationalizes this by saying he can always buy another fruit to restore his sight and perpetuate the cycle. Aisho soon realizes he is being followed and stomps on the origami, causing proportionate damage to both Yasuho and Tsurugi, and if not for Tsurugi's Paper Moon King making Aisho incapable of differentiating between the living origami and the surrounding foliage, their combined Stands would have not escaped. Distraught at the revelation that multiple Stand-users appear to be following him, Aisho promptly attempts to get in contact with Yotsuyu only to become more distressed when he finds that his number is out of service. Fearful that unidentified parties might have done something to his friend, he activates and sets his Stand Doobie Wah! on his trackers in hopes of killing them swiftly. While his automatic Stand pursues the two of them Aisho tracks Doobie Wah! 's movement while contacting Jobin Higashikata to inquire about Yotsuyu's status and to see if he is in any way involved in these occurrences. Satisfied that Jobin is telling the truth, he converges on Yasuho and Tsurugi's location after the pair have had several near-fatal encounters with his Stand and confronts the two on their motives. No sooner than he discovers the identity of one of his stalkers to be that of Tsurugi Higashikata, Jobin's son, does Jobin himself arrive on the scene. Aisho quickly turns to question Jobin about his involvement in this conspiracy and to force him to consent to Aisho killing Tsurugi as a means of assuring his sincerity. However he is too late to discover that Jobin's figure is none other than the distorted image of an approaching bus and that he has been under the effects of Tsurugi's Stand this entire time. This revelation comes too late, however, and he is struck by the bus and killed, at which point his body shatters into rock and is scattered across the street.

Stand Name: Doobie Wah! is the Stand of Aisho Dainenjiyama, featured in JoJolion. Doobie Wah! is a powerful automatic Stand that relentlessly pursues its target no matter how far they are from him but with a straightforward power. Because of its power, it is more suitable for Aisho to sic it on an enemy and simply wait until it kills them than openly confront them. Aisho has the ability to sense the movements of his Stand or somehow track it another way, which is an ability not usually demonstrated by automatic Stand users who are usually unaware of their Stand's actions unless informed otherwise. Doobie Wah! manifests itself inside a small but highly destructive tornado and implacably pursues a target. When Aisho touches someone, or at least touches their Stand, he is able to make Doobie Wah! automatically pursue and attack the target(s). Doobie Wah! materializes itself near the target through their exhalation, which gathers and forms a small tornado on which Doobie Wah! hides. If the target manages to escape a tornado, Doobie Wah! will use their breath to appear near them again. Thus escaping Doobie Wah! is impossible, as it will keep appearing unless the target wants to hold their breath indefinitely. It is possible for the target to hide their presence from Doobie Wah! by holding their breath, and even stay inside the vortex, but it is only a temporary measure. Attacking the tornado also doesn't harm Doobie Wah!, thus people cannot defend themselves either. The only option is to flee or attack Aisho. The vortex itself is strong enough to cut the flesh and destroy objects such as a laptop, at least when Doobie Wah! is consciously attacking. The vortex will also increase in size as long as it is materialized by using the target's breath to feed itself, but getting separated from the target such as having a sealed window between it and the victim will make the tornado weaken and disappear. Doobie Wah! can also claw at its victim from inside the whirlwind. Doobie Wah! is able to pursue multiple targets, notably manifesting from both Tsurugi and Yasuho's exhalations after Aisho stepped on their combined Stands. This Stand first appears when Aisho activates it to attack Tsurugi and Yasuho in a stairwell. Its initial appearance is that of a miniature vortex with the Stand's humanoid figure in the center. From then on it pursues them out the window and across the street, even after the two board a bus and seemingly distance themselves from the building entirely. After making it to a Fire station, the two seem to have outsmarted Doobie Wah! when they don breathing masks with enclosed oxygen tanks, isolating their breath from the open air. This however proves to be irrelevant when it materializes within the mouthpiece and expands, threatening to kill them both until Aisho's untimely demise at the hands of Tsurugi's Paper Moon King, effectively putting an end to the Stand.

Stand User: Guccio is a minor character featured in Stone Ocean. Guccio is one of the four inmates sent into the maximum security ward in order to assassinate Jolyne Cujoh but takes a passive role. He isn't a real Stand User, but was given Survivor by Whitesnake. Guccio is a meek and cowardly man but somehow ended in the isolation ward. Fights used to naturally break out around him, even though he wasn't responsible. Guccio's Stand, Survivor, given to him by Enrico Pucci, can influence people's minds through small electric signals, causing them to become extremely aggressive. Those influenced by the stand begin fighting indiscriminately while also powered up. Guccio will typically hide somewhere to avoid the mayhem. While DIO had believed Pucci's Whitesnake to be superior for its stealing capabilities, he wondered if Pucci would betray him. The priest eventually confirms his loyalty, so DIO tells him the tale of a mountain lodger's Stand and how it drove men near him into a furious rage. Coincidentally, Guccio also had the ability to cause people to fight since childhood. Fights would occur frequently around him, though he himself was never involved. After noticing Guccio's unfortunate ability, Pucci would later embed the mountain lodger's Stand into him in order to carry out his plans. Guccio's prison card reveals that he received a 5 year-sentence at some point for sexual assault and theft. Introduced as a cowardly figure in the high security ward, Guccio starts out begging for Anasui, Jolyne and F.F. to help him leave after all the other prisoners are drowned and turned to plants. The group doubts his alignment, so after planting Diver Down into Guccio, Anasui directs him towards the exit. Guccio is stopped by D an G briefly, but triggers the trap inside Guccio, causing ribs burst from his chest and impale D an G in the arm. After injuring him, Guccio wanders off dilapidated and presumably dies. His corpse is later found by Pucci after the birth of the Green Baby. To celebrate, Pucci inserts a symphony DISC into Guccio's head, causing him to play music much like a human stereo.

Stand Name: Survivor is the Stand granted to Guccio by Whitesnake, featured in Stone Ocean. In 1982, in the Lorraine region of France, a group of six people went on a hiking trip in the mountains and had gotten lost. All six were eventually found dead, their bodies showing signs of intense struggle amoungst themselves. After looking into the matter, DIO discovered that the night before their deaths, the hikers had stayed in a mountain lodge and quarreled with its owner over his body odor. As a result of his anger, the lodge's owner's Stand ability was triggered, causing the hikers to massacre each other the next morning. Survivor is an automatic and thus uncontrollable Stand which, unlike most Stands, simply creates general chaos by manipulating people around it. It doesn't have any real use besides causing mayhem somewhere in the hopes that its intended victims die. Survivor dramatically exacerbates the aggressiveness of those under its spell. Described by DIO as the "weakest" Stand, Survivor travels across wet surfaces and stimulates the human limbic system with a tiny electric potential of 0.07 Volts and an otherwise negligible current, which is stated to increase an individual's anger or fighting spirit. Any feeling of aggressiveness will be greatly multiplied to the point those affected by Survivor will fight each other with reckless abandon. For instance, Sonny Likir, a prison guard punched his comrade so hard he not only tore away part of Westwood's flesh, but also exposed his knuckles due to the severity of the punch. Afterward, the victims may even actively seek confrontation regardless of the consequence, such as a prison guard releasing all the prisoners of the isolation ward to fight them. Since Guccio's own ability to make other people fight matches his Stand, he remains unaffected by it. Survivor indirectly increases the fighting prowess of its victims, as they ignore pain and fear, and are focused on fighting and hurting their opponents, making them capable of otherwise inhuman feats and able to simply counterattack as they are attacked. Additionally, those under the influence of Survivor are granted the ability to visualize the muscles of the enemy, seeing the strong points as shining stars, while weak points are blackened.

Stand User: Cameo is a minor antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders. He isolates Polnareff from the Joestar Group on a secluded island in the Red Sea while they are there to retrieve Avdol. Cameo is one of DIO's henchmen, and the Stand User behind the genie Stand, Judgement. Cameo was a cowardly man who liked to toy with people's hearts and often acted as a "genie" who turned the wishes of his victim against them. His strategy consisted of disguising his Stand Judgement as a wish-granting genie to get to his target and then attacking them while their guard was down. He could fabricate additional beings with his Stand (he often chose those who the target had an emotional attachment to) to further the illusion of being a "genie". He lacked a "fatal connection" with his Stand (meaning if the clones were destroyed he wouldn't be injured), so he elected to hide nearby and let his Stand do his dirty work. He often shouted "Hail 2U!" after granting a wish, and he later used it as a battle cry. Judgement is a hulking humanoid Stand which is very strong and resilient but also manipulates clay to create fake objects and humans. It fakes being a genie and twists its victim's wishes against them. Cameo is one of the mercenaries hired by DIO to kill Jotaro and his party, waiting on the island where Joseph is visiting Avdol's father. Cameo spends the entire time underground, inside a hole dug by himself, wearing swimming goggles and a breathing straw. With the lack of damage connection between him and his Stand, Cameo allows the automatic Stand to do all the work while he watched closely. He uses his Stand Judgement to make Polnareff believe it to be a genie and express his three wishes. Polnareff asks it to revive Sherry Polnareff and Muhammad Avdol, and so Cameo creates clones of them who end up attacking Polnareff. The real Avdol shows up and saves Polnareff from the clones, destroying them and finding Cameo's hideout. Much more easy-going than before his "death", Avdol suggests to Polnareff that they should torture him a little, blocking his breathing straw with his finger for a few seconds and laughing, all the while Cameo suffers from the lack of air. Polnareff begins by dropping dirt, a spider, ants, and a lit match down the straw, but Cameo manages to persevere. Avdol then mentions that "Nature is calling" and to "use the time-tested male bonding technique of taking a piss together". The pair end up urinating into his breathing straw, which prompts a terrified Cameo to reveal himself and beg for forgiveness. Avdol refuses and uses Magician's Red to burn him as his fourth and last wish. The group encounters Cameo in a very different way portrayed in the manga. In Pakistan, the player finds him on the 2nd floor of a Big Mansion where, after opening a treasure chest, Judgement will appear stating that it will grant the group three wishes. The first wish it grants is to level up the group, which requires fighting three clay dolls of Jotaro. The second wish allows the group to find Hol Horse, though this turns out to be a clay doll as well. The final wish pits Judgement itself against the group with the exchange of DIO's secret as the prize. Once Judgement is defeated, Cameo himself will appear and admit that he does not know anything about DIO, but urges the group to travel to Egypt to find a Stand User who is presumably not working for DIO. The English version of the Playstation port where Cameo can be fought changes how Avdol and Polnareff play around with him after the fight. Instead of urinating into his breathing pipe, they drop pebbles into it, causing a similar but less-disturbing torture.

Stand Name: Judgement is the Stand of Cameo, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Judgement bursts out of a lamp, claiming to be a genie named Cameo and acts friendly, goading Polnareff into expressing wishes. However, it soon reveals itself as Judgement and exposes its pleasure at turning the wishes of his victim against themselves. Judgement often shouts "Hail 2 U! ", after granting a wish, and as a battle cry. The stand represents the Tarot Card, Judgement. The Stand's nature, however, seems more consistent with the card's symbolism in reverse: casting doubt and deceiving people into making poor decisions. Judgement is a fairly powerful Stand, having above average strength and speed as far as Stands go and is able to clash with Silver Chariot and come out without a scratch. Its large metal body is particularly hard to damage. However, it yields against more brute-force Stands like Magician's Red and relies on tricking unwitting victims to use their wish against them. When Judgement was beaten by Magician's Red, even though its eyes were popped, its head was blown off, and its arm and side cracked and shattered, Cameo didn't have a scratch on him when he was discovered. This suggests that Judgement is one of the first automatic Stands after Empress which for its part was synchronised with its user. Judgement's unique power is to create clay constructs out of humans' deepest desires but it will turn the wishes against its victims. This is a representation of Judgement's power; to toy with a person's heart. The fakes are nearly perfect: fake treasures will have the weight and texture of real gold and fake people will have the appearance (although Judgement purposefully makes them more monstrous), voice and memories of the real person. Passing as a genie, it tricks Jean Pierre Polnareff into wishing for his sister to come back to life and then used his emotional power to form a visage of her out of the dirt. However, Sherry's clone tried to devour Polnareff, who couldn't muster the strength to hurt his sister's figure.

Stand User: Oingo is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. As a part of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods, he attempts to assassinate the Joestar Group alongside his little brother Boingo. His Stand is Khnum, which allows him to disguise himself as anyone. Oingo is often overconfident due to the deadly ability of his Stand to disguise himself combined with Boingo's Stand ability to predict the future. This overconfidence backfires, however, when Oingo becomes the downfall of the prediction he trusted in. He has a very close relationship with his brother Boingo and tries to protect him from all the evil people that exist in the world (even though both of them are criminals). He has also shown to attack someone if he doesn't like the way they look, showing a violent personality. When his shy brother Boingo promises to get revenge for him, he is very proud of his younger brother and even begins to tears up. Khnum confers Oingo the ability to remodel his appearance, height, weight, voice and even smell. Although, he is never shown to change his height, weight, or smell when attempting to assassinate the Joestar group. This allows him to put on several disguises when trying to assassinate his targets. Oingo is first shown threatening one comic artist interested in Tohth to stay away from Boingo and then decides with help from Boingo's Stand Tohth to wait four hours for the next bus, as the Stand warns them about an accident with the bus. The brothers then look into Tohth for the next prediction and realize that they were meant to poison the Joestar group's tea. Oingo secretly assaults one of the waiters at a nearby restaurant and takes his place. At the same time, Jean Pierre Polnareff lets a cigarette fall, which points to their restaurant. Initially, the group decides to order tea, but a suspicious Joseph Joestar decides to order the unopened coke instead. This seems to prevent Oingo from poisoning the drink at first, but an angry customer reacts to the warm coke he was served, causing the Joestar group to order the tea that Oingo successfully poisons. Right as the group is about to drink their tea, Iggy eats another customer's cake and causes the Joestar group to abandon their tea to take care of Iggy and leave shop, which makes Oingo and Boingo angry. Eventually, following Tohth's prophecy, Oingo punches a nerdy-looking stranger and frightens him into dropping his wallet, giving the two money and temporarily pacifying them for their failure. Oingo initially tries to prevent the bomb by throwing it out of the window, but Iggy fetches the bomb and brings it back into the car. Polnareff then demonstrates a cigarette trick, in which he lets a cigarette fall into his mouth, and calmly breathes out the smoke, and asks "Jotaro" to show him the trick with five cigarettes. Oingo pulls off the trick but fails when he is forced to prove himself by drinking the juice while the cigarettes smolder. The result causes him to spit it out, and his stomach eventually acts up when he becomes paranoid that Joseph and Polnareff are secretly testing him to see if he is really Jotaro. Polnareff decides to race "Jotaro" in eating oranges the fastest but Oingo, realizing the orange that Polnareff picked up was the bomb, stops him from doing so and suggests that since the "orange" was picked up by Iggy, it could have been contaminated in any kind of unsanitary location. Fed up with having to deal with Joseph and Polnareff, Oingo runs off to the rocks to escape, using a bathroom break as an excuse, and resolves to escape by changing his appearance behind the rocks again. However, Polnareff, considering the truth of "Jotaro"'s statement, throws the disguised bomb out of the car. Oingo then accidentally steps on the bomb, causing it to blow up and split his face in two. Boingo then arrives and resolves to defeat the Joestar group on his own, causing Oingo to become proud of his younger brother's growth. However, the man they assaulted earlier returns with other thugs, who beat up the two brothers and send them to the hospital. Meanwhile, the real Jotaro returns from visiting the hospital, and, happening to be thirsty, picks out an orange to eat. Oingo is later mentioned by Hol Horse, who convinces Boingo to help him asking if he doesn't want to avenge his brother. Hol Horse stated Oingo had another month in the hospital due to his injuries from the orange bomb. Oingo and Boingo are reduced to a supporting role in the game, and they don't use their respective Stands at all. Oingo's own appearance is never featured in game, only illustrations of him by the Stand Tohth (the Gallery Mode).

Stand Name: Khnum is the Stand of Oingo, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Khnum is a Stand that confers the ability to change shape to its user, Oingo. Thus, it doesn't have an appearance or a personality. The Stand represents the Egyptian God Khnum, the god of rebirth and creation, alluding to Oingo's ability to reshape his body in any way he sees fit. Khnum is a Stand with no combative ability, whatsoever, but is useful for approaching people multiple times without them becoming suspicious. Thus Oingo manages to nearly assassinate the Joestar Group and was foiled only by bad luck. Khnum enables Oingo to alter his appearance, height, weight, scent and presumably voice at will. To do so, Oingo can mold his face as if it were clay to modify it. He cannot change his clothes but can alter his own hair, doing so to match Jotaro's hat at one point. Oingo claims he can freely undo his alterations, although he is never seen doing so.

Stand User: Sports Maxx is a minor antagonist featured in Stone Ocean. Sports Maxx is an inmate at Green Dolphin Street Prison and a gangster, as well as a Stand User wielding Limp Bizkit. He cooperates with Whitesnake to complete the latter's plan, and is Ermes Costello's arch-enemy, as he murdered her sister Gloria. Sports Maxx has displayed the behavior of a violent gangster prior to entering Green Dolphin Street Prison. After entering the prison, however, he takes up a more respectable façade, sculpting a bird and visiting the graveyard to place flowers. Fittingly enough his hobby is taxidermy. Maxx originally could only control the reanimated corpses of people and animals around him. But after dying himself, his Stand preserved his body and spirit by allowing himself to exist as an undead zombie. This allowed Maxx to dismember his body without pain or injury while also giving him superhuman strength. Sports Maxx is a car dealer by profession but is in fact a vicious gangster, having committed over forty counts of various crimes. He murdered a man outside Gloria Costello's restaurant, which Gloria unfortunately witnessed. He proceeded to murder Gloria before dumping her body into a gutter. Ermes Costello discovered Maxx's involvement in the murder and seeks revenge for the murder of her sister. Shortly after, Maxx is arrested but is only found guilty of tax evasion and assault, for which he is sentenced five years at Green Dolphin Street Prison. At an unknown time frame is he given the Stand Limp Bizkit by Pucci, who notices his potential for evil and has him revive the bone of DIO, which later transforms into the Green Baby after absorbing thirty six prisoner's souls. He later confronts Ermes after being stalked by her, and is drowned inside a sewage pipe under the result of her Stand's ability. However, he uses his Stand to make himself an invisible zombie before initiating combat against her, and also summons numerous zombies from the grave to aid himself. After a hard-fought fight (which featured Jolyne Cujoh and critically injured F.F.) Ermes defeats Sports Maxx and avenges her sister. Maxx's body is pummeled to the point that his Stand disc is ejected. Without Limp Bizkit to preserve his zombified state, Maxx crumbles into mush and ceases to exist. Maxx later returns briefly in the form of a memory through use of Under World to further explain the nature of it to Ermes.

Stand Name: Limp Bizkit is the Stand of Sports Maxx, featured in Stone Ocean. Limp Bizkit is an unusual ability Stand as it allows Sports Maxx to control it while dead. However, once he expires, Sports Maxx's control over corpses makes him very deadly and difficult to defend against. Limp Bizkit enables Sports Maxx to bring the dead back to life as "zombies". When Sports Maxx activates Limp Bizkit, all corpses nearby generate invisible wraiths, including Sports Maxx himself should he die. These "corpses" manifest as tangible yet invisible spirits that climb out of their corporeal bodies and attack anyone nearby upon Maxx's command. The ability works on anything considered deceased and regardless of the species or the date of death, as a stuffed bird and alligator used for taxidermy and recent deceased prisoners alike were affected and attacked the Joestar Group. Sports Maxx seems to be able to revive even body parts, as he did with DIO's Bone. As an added bonus, the zombies all have enhanced strength, the ability to walk on walls and permanent invisibility. However, they can be killed a second time through conventional attacks. When a zombie is attacked, its original body receives the damage. According to Sports Maxx, the wraiths suffer an intense craving for blood and brains, explaining their aggressiveness.

Stand User: Risotto Nero is an antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. Risotto Nero is the leader of La Squadra Esecuzioni and sends his squad-mates to battle Team Bucciarati; all in order to take the Boss's daughter Trish Una and use her to get to him. After he is the only one left, Risotto Nero tails Team Bucciarati up to Sardinia and confronts Vinegar Doppio on a beach in Costa Smeralda. Risotto is a Stand User, and uses his magnetic ability Metallica to battle Doppio. Behind his cold and calm approach to things, Risotto is prone to outbursts of violence, threatening Doppio when he takes too long to obey his command. When suffering setbacks, Risotto keeps his cool and decides the best course of action. A perceptive man, Risotto could see Doppio turn his eye a moment and deduce that he was a Stand user. Risotto shows that he cares deeply about his men, vowing to avenge them when he first appears. In the TV anime, he is shown calming a dispute between Formaggio and Illuso. He is also the first to notice and question Sorbet and Gelato's absence (even before talking about their payment), and stayed the longest during their funeral. Risotto's Stand, Metallica, comprises a mass of minuscule beings residing in his bloodstream, enabling him to manipulate metal through magnetism at a short range. Tactical Intelligence: Risotto is a gifted tactician, showing a grasp of Stand fights rarely witnessed in the series. Risotto could find multiple applications for his Stand Metallica, as well as deduce critical facts from observations such as Doppio's status as a Stand user. In a fight, Risotto keeps tabs on the enemy's abilities and moves, deducing their next moves with precision and making them work against them. His methodical approach of assassinations and tendency to quickly kill his targets before they could act nearly killed Doppio multiple times despite his ability to predict the future. Tactical Intelligence: When Risotto Nero was 14 years old, his cousin was run over by a drunk driver. Though the driver was punished by the law, Risotto could not forgive him and, four years later, at age 18, he assassinated the driver. From then on, he began living a life in underworld society. At age 21, Risotto Nero obtained his Stand and with it, decided to join the mafia. Risotto was assigned his very own group of assassins, which were called upon whenever they were needed because Risotto became known for being able to take out his assigned target no matter who it may be. Eventually, Risotto thought his current position wasn't enough, as he was not allowed territorial control like other trusted mafia groups. Enraged, Risotto decided to expose the Boss' identity. The result was the death of the two men who were sent to try and expose him and from there on, Risotto and his group were branded as renegades. They eventually learn that the Boss had a lover, Donatella Una, and ultimately a child named Trish. His group then attempts to kidnap Trish to use as leverage against the Boss and exact their revenge. Risotto is introduced as the leader of Passione's rogue Assassination Team. Two days before Bucciarati is given custody of Trish, Risotto and his team investigates Trish's room and discovers a photo of Donatella taken in Sardinia. Upon hearing of the plane crash off the coast of said island, Risotto surmises that Trish would be returning to the house where the photo was taken and camps there himself. On a cliffside near the house, Risotto observes Vinegar Doppio from afar before approaching and immobilizing him. Risotto notices the young man trying to hide an envelope and demands he shows him the contents, but finds it to be empty (not realizing that Doppio managed to hide the picture of Donatella beneath his shoe). Though Risotto is convinced that Doppio's fear and cowardice are genuine, he notices that the boy reacted to the sound of Narancia Ghirga's Aerosmith patrolling the area, and figures out that he's a Stand User. Risotto becomes restless knowing that Bucciarati, his gang, and Trish are nearby. Doppio attacks Risotto, but Risotto has Metallica form blades in his mouth. Risotto figures out that whatever Stand Doppio has must be a close-ranged Power-type when the young man attacks by running at him. This knowledge in mind, he keeps himself from getting within 2–3 meters. Risotto drops off a rock and activates his invisibility to hide from Doppio, before causing needles to spew from his mouth. The assassin reappears, having readied scissors in Doppio's neck to slit his throat, but he manages to pull them out himself, leaving Risotto wondering about Doppio's ability. Disappearing again, he sneaks around Doppio when the latter suddenly throws scissors that sever Risotto's leg, having figured out Metallica's ability. Risotto responds by creating multiple knives from the iron in the sand and sending them at Doppio, and while the young man deflects most of them, few are able to strike him. Risotto reattaches his foot using Metallica and continues to fight. Risotto decidedly leaves his severed foot in order to fool Doppio into throwing knives in the wrong direction when he tries to figure out Risotto's location using magnetism. Doppio's strange behavior and ability to forecast the future to know Risotto's next move leads the assassin to ponder what his true identity is. When Metallica begins creating razors in Doppio's head, Risotto figures out that Doppio is actually the Boss and not just his most trusted subordinate. He grows ecstatic and orders the razors to explode Doppio's head. When Risotto is suddenly shot by Aerosmith. The Boss emerges and reveals that the knives thrown were in the direction of Bucciarati's group, causing Aerosmith to attack whoever was in the direction of the thrower. As Doppio has lost a lot of blood and is heavy on breath, Risotto, the larger blip on Narancia's radar, was targeted. More bullets rip through Risotto, leaving him in a near-death state. He is left lying in defeat, and as the Boss stands over him, he tries to get a look at his face, only for the brightness of the sun to obscure it. The Boss offers him a quick and honorable death in exchange for him restoring his iron levels to normal. However, as a last resort, Risotto uses Metallica, caught on Aerosmith when his skin was sent flying from the first volley of bullets, to guide the Stand and shoot the Boss. However, King Crimson erases half a second to avoid the bullets, and Risotto ends up getting shot himself, bringing an end to the assassin. Risotto is the only antagonist from Part 5 who doesn't appear in the game as an enemy in Super Story or any Story Drama, presumably because he did not actually fight any of the protagonists in the original narrative. However, his character model can be seen in the Gallery Mode. And the only semblance of the fight with Vinegar Doppio was partially recreated in an Audio Drama, on Track 56, of the GioGio's Bizarre Adventure OST Despite not making an actual appearance himself, his Stand, Metallica, can be seen during the loading screen. Much like the previous game, his Stand returns as part of some loading screens.

Stand Name: Metallica is the Stand of Risotto Nero, featured in Vento Aureo. Metallica's sessile nature prevents it from attacking on its own, however the magnetic power it produces is highly lethal. Risotto is capable of using this ability to its fullest, particularly to stealth assassinate targets. Metallica has the ability to freely manipulate iron in the air and ground using magnetism. The Stand is active within a 5 to 10 meter circle around Risotto, and has enough precision to form objects by gathering the iron inside another person's body. By default, he naturally attracts iron. Risotto Nero prominently uses this ability to turn the iron inside a target into sharp objects such as razor blades, needles or scissors in order to internally damage them. This is shown when Doppio tried to rush Risotto, only to get a face full of needles created from the iron within his blood. Metallica can also use the iron inside its user to manipulate his severed body parts and create staples to reattach them. Furthermore, the use of iron from a target's body dramatically diminishes the quantity of hemoglobin inside them, reducing the blood's ability to carry oxygen throughout the body. Unable to function, the suffocating body will eventually die if the victim doesn't replenish their iron in time, enabling Risotto to simply wait out his opponent's death. Iron is one of the most common elements on earth and thus Metallica can also manipulate iron from the environment to form objects, such as forming knives from the iron within the earth and then hurling them at a target. With its ability, Metallica can stick fine particles of iron onto Risotto's body, causing him to reflect light and blend into the background. This ability also carries on to Risotto's blood, as shown when Risotto was shot by Aerosmith, causing his blood to splatter onto Doppio's head and automatically camouflage it with the background, resulting in the image that Doppio saw previously that made him believe that Risotto would blow a hole through his head.

Stand User: Iggy is a core ally who appears in the second half of Stardust Crusaders. An urban mutt from the streets of New York, Iggy begrudgingly aids the protagonists on their final expedition to Cairo, Egypt to defeat DIO. Iggy is a Stand User who wields The Fool. Iggy is described as a particularly antisocial dog with a bad personality. Iggy is a particularly unpleasant, unruly, and rude dog. For instance, he enjoys chewing on human hair and farting in human faces, antagonizing Jean Pierre Polnareff that way during his introductory arc. He also plays a dirty prank on Jotaro as "revenge" for Jotaro throwing him into N'Doul. Having a free-spirited and irreverent nature, Iggy is often seen wandering away from the group and causing varying degrees of mayhem, mainly through stealing food. He funnily and unwittingly saves the Joestar Group several times this way. In the beginning, Iggy is understandably apathetic to the Joestar Group's goal of stopping DIO, having nothing to do with the Vampire. In fact, Iggy selfishly tries to protect himself at the detriment of his human companions against N'Doul, even at one point trying to sacrifice Jotaro for his safety. Only after his fight against Pet Shop does Iggy develop a grudge against DIO. Iggy values his independence, and he has a high opinion of himself, thinking himself and his Stand are as strong as Jotaro and his Star Platinum. Iggy nonetheless has some standards, notably being willing to fight with Pet Shop to save a dog-lover child. He also selflessly sacrificed himself against Vanilla Ice to save Polnareff. His favorite treat is coffee-flavored chewing gum. A pure breed with a certificate, Iggy was originally bought by a rich man when he was a puppy. As he grew older, he began to believe humans as stupid and decided to leave home. He was eventually found by Muhammad Avdol in the street slums of New York acting as the king of the stray dogs. Only Avdol was able to come close to him, as ordinary dog catchers were attacked by his Stand. Iggy came to the scene aboard a Speedwagon-sponsored helicopter in the middle of the desert, brought by the Speedwagon Foundation to help in the battle against DIO. Polnareff, being cocky and intrigued about their new partner, becomes the target of the ferocity that Iggy is infamous for, after disturbing his slumber. The pilots and Avdol were only able to control him because of one unlikely treat: coffee-flavored chewing gum. Because of how he attacked Polnareff, everyone, especially Jotaro, had doubts about the suitability of Iggy's companionship. Iggy also didn't want to take part in a battle that had nothing to do with him. Their questioning grew deeper when they were attacked by N'Doul in the middle of the desert. Iggy ran from the battle, showing his cowardice and lack of intention to help. They misinterpreted Iggy's pursuit of N'Doul's trail for cowardice. Jotaro grasps Iggy in his hand, forcing Iggy to cooperate before N'Doul's Geb attacked them both. Left with no choice, Iggy took Jotaro to the enemy, but in the middle of their pursuit, Iggy decided to leave Jotaro behind to be killed alone. Jotaro then threw Iggy at N'Doul, distracting the enemy enough and leading him to his eventual defeat. Jotaro ends up forgiving Iggy, saying he, too, wouldn't like to be dragged in a war he had nothing to do with himself. Iggy decided to accompany the group and earn their trust, even though Polnareff still believed he would run away in the end. (The italicized information below derives from a Light Novel not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canon. )Featuring in Chapter 1: One-Way Trip from Desert to Hell, Iggy plays an important part in the battle against Absalom and Michal, tricking both with his Stand. He temporarily blinds the enemies by covering Satanic Coupler's window pane with The Fool's sand. Later he fools Absalom with a sand clone of Jotaro, allowing the real Jotaro to rescue the rest of the group. Iggy doesn't do much during their journey but unintentionally helps the group. He saved them from drinking Oingo's poisoned tea and makes his plan to blow up Jotaro with an orange-shaped bomb backfire, as he picks up the bomb and brings it to Oingo (disguised as Jotaro). When Oingo tries to leave the scene, Polnareff threw the bomb after him because Iggy put his mouth on it. In Edfu, Iggy accidentally saves Jotaro from Anubis' last assassination attempt. When Anubis possesses a young boy, Iggy makes the boy trip as he grabs the boy's candy, making Anubis fall into the Nile. In Cairo, Iggy also defeats Boingo without even knowing he was an enemy Stand user. After Hol Horse was hospitalized by another backfired plan, Boingo kicks a crate and accidentally hits Iggy, which makes the dog furious enough to attack Boingo. In Cairo, Iggy stumbles upon DIO's Mansion by chance and encounters Pet Shop, the hawk guardian of the mansion. While he is initially uninterested in the mansion and tries to go away, he stops Pet Shop from killing an unrelated boy (the owner of Chibi and Buchi), thinking that he cannot let a dog-loving child die on his watch. Ensues a terrible battle against Pet Shop and its Stand Horus Stand which can generate ice. Iggy flees for the majority of the fight until he's cornered by Pet Shop at the bottom of the Nile but boldly bites its beak as it generates an icicle, making his head explode. Iggy loses a paw, and is grievously wounded. He almost drowned but is saved by the boy from earlier. Iggy is later taken back by Kakyoin and regroups with the rest of the heroes. Wanting revenge for his wounds, Iggy leads the Joestar Group directly to DIO's Mansion. However, Telence T. D'Arby then abducts Jotaro, Joseph and Kakyoin. After waiting for ten minutes, Avdol, Polnareff and Iggy decide to enter the mansion. Iggy and Avdol team up in the illusory maze created by Tenore Sax inside the mansion to track down and rapidly defeat Kenny G. However, Avdol is ambushed by Vanilla Ice and is killed. While trying to defend Jean Pierre Polnareff, Iggy valiantly attacks Vanilla Ice and attempts to trick him with a sand copy of DIO, however, the trick fails as Ice believes DIO would not interfere with his battle. Enraged, Vanilla Ice proceeds to repeatedly kick Iggy in the stomach to the point of near death. With the last of his energy, Iggy uses The Fool to save Polnareff from Vanilla Ice, over-exerting himself and dying in the process, much to the surprise of Polnareff who thought Iggy had run away. After Ice's defeat, Iggy's soul, along with Avdol's, are seen transcending into heaven. Jotaro Kujo: Jotaro sees value in Iggy during the fight with N'Doul with his keen senses and powerful Stand. Iggy gives back Jotaro's lost hat, shortly earning his trust until Jotaro realized that Iggy put coffee gum inside it. Iggy, although not vocal about it, is a very prideful stand user, even believing that The Fool is stronger than Star Platinum. After the battle with DIO, Jotaro and Joseph acknowledge his death, alongside the other fallen crusaders. Joseph Joestar: When first introduced, Iggy acted much like a stray and initially hated everyone in the group. After the fight with N'Doul, he would willingly tag along with them, but during fights, he'd usually disappear. It wasn't until his fight with Pet Shop where his inner thoughts came to light; at this point, he seemed to understand Joseph was the leader of the group. While the interaction between the two was fairly minor, after sacrificing himself for Polnareff to defeat Vanilla Ice, Joseph and the group acknowledged his heroism and mourned his death along with the others. Jean Pierre Polnareff: The two initially did not get along since Polnareff woke him up after a bumpy flight. Polnareff disliked Iggy's cocky and demeaning attitude and antagonized him frequently, causing Polnareff to be Iggy's most common target when it came to getting bitten and farted on. Despite this, during their fight against Cream, Iggy sacrificed himself to save Polnareff. Polnareff deeply mourned his sacrifice, admitting he initially thought Iggy was a stubborn shitty mutt but grew to love how stubborn he was and how he didn't get close to humans because it showed how proud he was, and it was this determination that allowed him to beat Cream. Muhammad Avdol: Avdol first encountered Iggy when he was causing trouble in New York and captured him. Avdol would later recruit Iggy into the Joestar Group and used coffee gum to calm him down. After Avdol sacrificed himself in the battle against Vanilla Ice, Iggy became determined to avenge him. In the end, Iggy failed to avenge Avdol but inspired Polnareff to do so instead. Pet Shop: Upon encountering Pet Shop, Iggy saw him devour 2 dogs and attempted to avoid fighting him, but after Pet Shop attacked a dog-loving boy, Iggy went to defend him. During their fight, Iggy lost his left paw and Iggy would take revenge by forcing Pet Shop's beak closed while he was attacking and blew him up. It was Pet Shop's actions that made Iggy want to kill Dio in the first place. Vanilla Ice: Originally Iggy just saw Ice as an obstacle in his vengeance towards Dio, after Ice killed Avdol, Iggy became determined to kill him. In the end, Iggy failed to kill him but inspired Polnareff to do so instead. DIO: Iggy was dragged against his will into joining the Joestar Group in Egypt, and as such didn't care about DIO or what was happening, being more concerned about himself. After his fight with Pet Shop though, he decided to help the group defeat DIO, as it was because of him that Iggy was brought to Egypt and put through so much trouble in the first place. In the end, DIO and Iggy never personally encounter one another, as Iggy dies protecting Polnareff during his fight with Vanilla Ice. Joseph Joestar: While their relationship is essentially the same as in the manga, Young Joseph will complain about having to team up with Iggy and state that he has evil eyes, but later states he is not bad for a mutt. Iggy will also complain about teaming up with Young Joseph and notes that his scent is similar to the Joseph he knows and wonders why. Jotaro Kujo: When encountering Jotaro from Diamond is Unbreakable, Iggy will not recognize him at first and is surprised he knows his favorite snack. When he does recognize Jotaro, Iggy attempts to put another piece of gum in his hat and wonders why he has gotten older. Noriaki Kakyoin: Iggy is very disobedient towards Kakyoin and wants to put gum in his hair. DIO: Upon encountering DIO, Iggy immediately hates him. Upon defeating him, he will announce he is the true emperor. Iggy appears as one of the 6 main characters the player can use. Instead of having him shipped by helicopter to the group, the cast finds him about an Egyptian temple, ultimately fighting him before assimilating him into the group. Most of Iggy's attacks make use of his Stand, The Fool. The main difference from the original series is that Iggy survives the battle against Vanilla Ice and fights along with the others against DIO. Iggy appears as one of the ten characters from the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure franchise who appear in the game. Iggy appears as one of the most unusual playable characters in the roster. Without his Stand active, many attacks are ineffective against him due to his small hitbox. However, this is almost never a surefire defense mechanism and players are usually forced to take to the offensive using charge attacks. Most of Iggy's attacks consist of him jumping, barking and biting when without the Stand. When holding down and pressing the strong punch, Iggy will make a replica of Shadow Dio that attacks the opponent with a punch. When The Fool is activated, Iggy's attacks change to strong versions of punches and dash attacks done by The Fool. His Sand Magic attack and floating ability are also useful for getting Iggy out of tight spots (similar to what he did to escape N'Doul's Geb). His first special move creates a giant wave of sand sent towards the opponent's direction, while his second special move makes Iggy jump into the opponent's face; at this point, the screen turns black with several hit effects appearing, when it returns to normal, the enemy appears to be laying down While Iggy dies in the original storyline, his Story Mode allows him to change his fate by defeating Vanilla Ice and eventually face off with DIO. During his ending, Iggy returns to New York and becomes the "King of the Dogs". He also saves another character from their canon fate of death—Kakyoin, at the price of Avdol's life. The inverse happens with Avdol's Story Mode, where Iggy takes one for the team against Vanilla Ice but saves Kakyoin from his canon death as well. Iggy appears as Jotaro's 3-block support koma. Jotaro throws him as a projectile. When Iggy gets near an opponent he will activate The Fool to protect himself (similar to how he did against N'Doul). If he touches an enemy, he immobilizes them while The Fool causes the "Battle Seal" status effect. Iggy makes an appearance in All Star Battle, as a playable DLC Character, as part of the 2nd campaign, along with Old Joseph Joestar. He is voiced by Shigeru Chiba, though this is considered to be his "inner voice" as his opponents cannot hear him speak. Iggy's alternate costume mirrors his original appearance as a more realistic Boston Terrier before his style change. Many of his attacks and play style are based off or similar to the ones in Heritage for the Future. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Iggy can turn The Fool on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush While The Fool is off: While The Fool is on: Iggy's HHA, "Surround 'em! ", creates a wave of sand on the ground that rapidly travels forward as he can be seen inside. If it connects, The Fool manifests and lifts the opponent high into the air before pile-driving them to the ground as Iggy wakes up from a short nap. The HHA is able to hit a downed opponent. Surround 'em! Iggy's GHA, "Serves you right! ", generates a massive sand wave in a large area in front of him. If it connects, the opponent is sent into the air as The Fool manifests itself and heavily assaults the opponent with sand attacks. Blasting the airborne opponent with sand spikes followed by a wheel made of sand, The Fool then spikes them towards the ground, before Iggy himself comes out of the Stand, diving forward from above and biting the opponent on the nose (similar to his victory over Pet Shop). In his alternate costume, his GHA changes; Instead of biting the opponent's nose, he will clamp onto their head and fart on their face before kicking off (reenacting his initial encounter with Polnareff). Serves you right! Iggy appears as one of the several Part 3 characters who possess a Metal Striker. His FINISH move has his Stand, The Fool, appear and mow the defeated opponent down. Similar to All Star Battle (PS3), both of Iggy's appearances possess a Metal Striker, one for his "more realistic dog appearance" and another for his "style change". Iggy returns as a playable character, but he's now a default character instead of being a DLC. He was confirmed for the game alongside Dio Brando (Part 1), N'Doul and Old Joseph. As a Stand User, Iggy is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. In the game's epilogue, Iggy is shown to have survived his battle with Vanilla Ice and is recovering in the hospital with Avdol and Kakyoin. While the new timeline alters the deaths of several allies, it doesn't alter Iggy losing his paw during his fight with Pet Shop. Iggy is paired with Avdol in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Jolyne Cujoh and Gyro Zeppeli.

Stand Name: The Fool is the Stand of Iggy, featured in Stardust Crusaders. As a Stand with a basic-but-versatile power, The Fool is described as the epitome of "the simplest way is the best way". Despite this sandy nature, The Fool is remarkably powerful. Much like Muhammad Avdol's Magician's Red, Iggy is free to manipulate the sand as he sees fit and the sand doesn't behave like normal sand, being immune to being soaked for instance or changing density to trap an object inside it. As The Fool is only bound to the sand it manipulates, it cannot be harmed in any way (attacking it would just mean attacking a pile of dirt), and as such, Iggy cannot and will not be harmed if the Stand is attacked.

Stand User: Mountain Tim is a side character and ally featured in Steel Ball Run. Working as a cowboy and bounty hunter, Mountain Tim is announced as a leading competitor in the Steel Ball Run. During the first stages of the race, Tim becomes one of Johnny and Gyro's allies. He also is a Stand User and shifts through his lasso thanks to Oh! Lonesome Me. Assured, chivalrous and virtuous, Mountain Tim embodies the White Hat of the Western genre. Mountain Tim is introduced as a benevolent bounty hunter who is well acquainted with the law and is stated to have made many friends. Although he participates in the Steel Ball Run, Tim quickly abandons his goal to give chase to a participant assassinating the competition. It seems his benevolence is such that horses intuit a sense of great respect for him, bowing their heads when he approaches. At the moment of his death, Mountain Tim confesses that he never expected to die a peaceful death but longed for at least a place to return after his journey. Mountain Tim usually maintains as cool-headed demeanor. Although he makes the occasional disinterested quip, Tim is serious most of the time. Tim becomes attracted to Lucy Steel upon their first meeting, notably suavely picking and offering her flowers and sighing that she's a married woman. During their second meeting, he actually confesses his love and ultimately respects Lucy's loyalty to her husband. Tim goes to great lengths to protect Lucy, immediately coming to her aid when she calls for help despite breaking into the President's office and keeps silent when Blackmore interrogates him. Mountain Tim's Stand, Oh! Lonesome Me, permits him to spread his entire body along a rope of his equipment. Possessing a mysterious mastery of equestrianism, horses tend to bow their heads in his presence. Tim's horse is Ghost Rider in the Sky. In 1875 when Mountain Tim was 16, the young man was already part of the army. Tim's unit was assigned to venture out into the uncharted areas of the Arizona desert. The area turned out to be the Devil's Palm, and his unit became lost while wandering through it. Unable to find water, the horses died, with the soldiers dying soon after. Tim was also nearly fried to death - but woke suddenly in the middle of the night to discover that a tiny bit of dew had collected on his rope and his body, having merged with the rope, was absorbing the water on its own. He was the only survivor. In the following years, Tim began working as a cowboy and bounty hunter. His skill and sense of justice made him actually famous in the country. After ranking 4th in the first stage of the race, he is called in to help with the investigation of a gruesome murder which took place along the race's course. The sheriff deputizes him, requesting that he pursue all potential suspects and believing that Tim himself will be targeted by the culprit as one of the race forerunners. Once the second stage starts, Tim is able to match the horseshoe prints found at the murder to those of the Boom Boom Family and trails them. At night, he finds a horse and the man he believes to be the culprit (but who is actually Benjamin Boom Boom disguised as Johnny). "Johnny" throws a horseshoe at Tim and takes refuge in a massive brier patch, but Tim easily lassos him around the neck - making use of Oh! Lonesome Me to prevent "Johnny" from cutting the rope. "Johnny" still manages to do so, however, and flees on his horse while reverting his face to normal. Tim, now believing Johnny to be the killer, begins his hunt for the real Johnny - not aware that now he, Johnny and Gyro have all been affected by the Boom Booms' ability and will explode upon getting too close to each other, due to the magnetic pull. As Tim gets closer, Johnny and Gyro realize that he must have been affected by the Boom Booms' ability as well. Gyro ends up using a steel ball to force Tim off his horse, but unfortunately, the trio were already too close and Tim goes flying toward Gyro and Johnny. However, he manages to stop the potential impact by utilizing his Stand ability and pulling himself onto a high rock. Once Johnny and Gyro explain about the Boom Booms' ability, Tim comes to realize that he had been chasing the wrong suspect. The Boom Booms soon reappear, attacking the trio using their Stand and sending them colliding with each other. They are ultimately defeated by Johnny's awakened Tusk ability and Tim urges Johnny and Gyro to hurry and leave the area, as they all seem to have ended up in the Devil's Palm. The trio are then the first three to reach the midway checkpoint of the second stage. Soon, Oyecomova arrives and Tim catches him in the hotel room rifling through Gyro's things. When he grabs Oyecomova's shoulder, a chunk of skin comes off and soon blows up, heavily injuring Tim. However, Tim was able to scatter his body parts and survives. He warns Gyro when Oyecomova tries to attack, telling the secret the latter's ability. Tim subsequently drops out of the race to recover and devote his entire attention to assisting the sheriff. When Mountain Tim shows up later, it is at the behest of Lucy, who had called him to help her escape from the president's compound. He saves her from an otherwise impossible situation, revealing that he has loved her since their first meeting. He is disappointed when she apologizes for having potentially led him on but advises her to seek out Johnny and Gyro if she gets into trouble. After they go their separate ways, Tim is confronted by Blackmore, who had traced a call from the president's compound to him. Tim refuses to reveal who had made the call but is unable to defeat Blackmore's Stand ability due to the latter's advantage in the rain. Ultimately, Tim suffers severe wounds and is subsequently shot in the head upon refusing one last time to surrender the name of the caller.

Stand Name: Oh! Lonesome Me is the Stand of Mountain Tim, featured in Steel Ball Run. Oh! Lonesome Me functions as an ability that Mountain Tim personally uses. It gives him and others greater flexibility in combat but is overshadowed by more powerful Stand abilities. Oh! Lonesome Me enables Mountain Tim to separate segments of his or others' bodies and freely slide them along a rope. It also grants him superhuman control over the rope, freely and precisely manipulating it to grab small objects from afar for instance. This ability to separate himself into little pieces as far as the rope goes grants Mountain Tim greater agility and flexibility. Launching himself along it, Tim may shoot enemies from odd angles; and through the process of splitting and joining himself and others back together, he may travel and escape through small spaces. By separating himself, Mountain Tim can also lessen the damage of a bomb blast. Oh! Lonesome Me also allowed Tim to absorb water through the ropes as a means to survive the dehydration during his first time in the "Devil's Palm".

Stand User: Ringo Roadagain is a minor but influential antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. Ringo Roadagain is a gunslinger at the service of Funny Valentine who traps Gyro, Johnny and Hot Pants at the beginning of the 4th Stage, near Cannon City, to seize the Saint's Corpse's parts. He is a Stand User and uses his time-rewinding Mandom during gun fights to get the upper hand. Ringo Roadagain is a peculiar gunman fixated on duels. When he was a child, Ringo was of particularly weak constitution, as he easily bled and fell ill frequently. When a deserter killed his family and threatened to kill him, Ringo awakened his fighting spirit and shot the man dead to defend himself. At this point, Ringo ceased to be afflicted with illness and it shaped his entire mindset. As of his introduction, Ringo is obsessed with bettering himself through duels. Considering himself "incomplete", he wants to reach new spiritual heights through duels, thinking that the pure killing intent he experiences to elevate his spirit. Because of this, he also has a strong personal moral code: Ringo prefers to fight on completely fair grounds and will even give pointers to his opponents regarding their weapons and position in order to perfectly level the playing field before their battle begins. Able to discern the dark will to kill in people, Ringo prefers to duel people who won't hesitate to kill on the spot so that his duels are as tense and pure as possible. For instance, Ringo initially refused to fight Gyro and preferred him Johnny whom he saw had the will to kill him. Accustomed to risking his life in duels, Ringo shows a remarkable ability to keep his calm in the face of danger, not panicking even when the unexpected happens or when being outnumbered. On the other hand, he also readily acknowledges his nervousness when anticipating duels when Gaucho points out his shaking hand. He also is able to recognize an opponent's ability and cunning, praising how Gyro outsmarted him. Ringo makes a point in differentiating between societal values and a man's own values, believing that one finds his true strength in discovering the latter and that he will walk the "path of light" and live in the "True Man's World" once he does. He thus looked down on Gyro as a "conformist", in that he was chained down by the religious dogma forced on him by his father. Then noticing Gyro's growing determination, Ringo tried to steer him toward his own self-centered philosophy, telling him to go toward a "path of light" to victory. In general, Ringo speaks gravely, acts with finality and is usually extremely polite to those around him, even his foes. For instance, he makes it a point to bow when meeting someone and after defeating them, solemnly thanking them for the duel. Ringo's Stand, Mandom, enables him to reverse time by exactly 6 seconds by turning a hand on his wristwatch. Although it is very limited, its ability is critical for Ringo to win his duels. Ringo is also a capable gunfighter and seems to have incredible perception regarding gauging the range of various guns. From birth, Ringo was sickly. As a young boy, he had fragile skin and was often ill. Ringo's father was drafted and sent to war, later escaped, imprisoned, and then died because of a disease. Ringo's family, branded as traitors, were forced to travel across the country. Ringo, ten, woke up one night to a large man in military uniform by his bed and his family, his mother and two sisters, killed-underneath the table that had a bloody knife sticking on top of it. The large man looming over Ringo then tried to rape him but was greeted with a gun, that Ringo slyly took from the large man, pointing towards him. Ringo quickly shot the man as he charged at him. It was after this event that the formerly sick young boy experienced a newfound power. He overcame a wall that he called "The True Man's World," that he believed it was the only path he could pursue. Three years before the events of Steel Ball Run, Ringo acquired his Stand Mandom. Ringo Roadagain is first introduced as a man standing by the curtains near the door of his small, worn out log cabin located within an orchard. After walking out of the door the readers find that out that he is a tall and slender man probably in his late twenties ranging to his early to mid-thirties. Unbeknownst to the contestants of the Steel Ball Run wandering within the orchard, they were all under the effect of his Stand, Mandom. It is safe to assume to that Ringo Roadagain reiterates the same line over to people lost within the orchard "You'll find your way out after you kill me." Gaucho, thinking Ringo was playing with him in some way, had enough and challenged him to a duel. Ringo then demonstrates his uncanny ability to "analyze" things and warns Gaucho. However, Gaucho's anger blinds him and he foolishly charges and fires a couple of shots at him, all of which were futile except one that scraped the bottom left corner of his neck. Ringo fires a single bullet and manages to hit Gaucho's heart. He continues to analyze the situation, concluding that "although it has reached the heart, it didn't destroy it completely." After taking one step closer to Gaucho, he fired once more and deprived Gaucho of his existence. Gyro follows Ringo into his log cabin hoping to end the fight. A colossal showdown ensues between Gyro and Ringo. Gyro sends a devastating attack aimed at Ringo's collarbone which will paralyze Ringo's whole left side if it made contact. After a shard of wood pierces Ringo right below his left side of the shoulder, Gyro finishes him off by throwing one steel ball right at Ringo. Before his death, Ringo utters, "Welcome...to the True Man's World." Ringo Roadagain makes his game debut on the PS3 title, appearing as the voice announcer for the Versus Mode. Every time both combatants were chosen and all options were set, before the match starts he says "Welcome to the True Man's World", quoting his very last sentence said on the original story.

Stand Name: Mandom is the Stand of Ringo Roadagain, featured in Steel Ball Run. Mandom never portrays any form of combat ability, but rather, supports Ringo during his duels. Although keeping its ability a secret would be an advantage, Ringo prefers to explain its power to his opponent due to his beliefs. By turning a hand on his wristwatch, Mandom will rewind time by exactly 6 seconds, returning everything to how it was 6 seconds ago. Ringo himself does not need to turn the hand to activate the ability; moving it with something like a bullet would also trigger the rewind. The wristwatch that Ringo wears is actually a psychological switch and is in theory unneeded to activate Mandom's power. The process of rewinding back 6 seconds is supposedly instant and unnoticeable according to all individuals affected, but is visually represented in the manga by everything being rewound. Ringo claims that he is free to rewind time by 6 seconds without limitations other than turning the hand. Nearby individuals affected by this ability will remember the events of those rewound seconds and thus unaware victims will be disoriented. Ringo used this property to disorient Johnny, Gyro and Hot Pants in an unfamiliar forest and make them lose themselves inside it. However, those prepared will, like Ringo, take advantage of the rewind to avoid attacks or set up unexpected strikes.

Stand User: Jotaro Kujo is the protagonist of Stardust Crusaders. He appears prominently in Diamond is Unbreakable, briefly in Vento Aureo, and again in a key role in Stone Ocean. Jotaro is the third and most recurring JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Jotaro is a biracial (half-Japanese) delinquent who lives an ordinary life until the Joestar Family's old enemy, DIO, returns. Seeing his mother Holy falling ill because of DIO, and heeding his grandfather Joseph Joestar's call, Jotaro travels to Egypt in order to save his mother and stop the Vampire once and for all. Wielding the incredibly powerful Star Platinum, Jotaro is the first JoJo introduced with a Stand, and is among the most well-known characters of the series. Jotaro is canonically established as a tall (195 cm/6'5"), attractive, and well-built man, even as a teenager. He has dark hair that constantly blends with his hat, a strong jaw, bold eyebrows, and green eyes. He also bears a mild resemblance to his great-great-grandfather, Jonathan Joestar, and his grandfather, Joseph Joestar when he was young. The superficial theme of Jotaro's attire changes in each part. His trademarks are a visored, ornamented cap, torn at the back and blending with his hair, and a roughly mid-calf-length coat with a standing collar and chains attached. His attire was influenced by Babel II, a famous manga of a boy in a gakuran having an adventure in a desert. Jotaro wears a modified trenchcoat-length gakuran/tsume-eri with a tall, stiff collar, pierced on the left with a golden chain. Underneath, he wears a fitted, sleeveless shirt and a pair of slim-fitting ¥20,000 pants of very short, sharp flares held up by two thin belts, often differently colored, patterned in a row of alternately colored tessellated triangles (reflecting Caesar/Joseph's headband). He also wears a pair of leather shoes (presumably) without socks. Jotaro's iconic cap is adorned near the center with a golden button and, on its left, a rectangular golden plate with a design of a flattened hand. It is torn at the back, appearing to merge with his hair. While they are first shown as being completely separate but slightly torn, later publications cause more uncertainty as to where his hat and his hair actually meet. According to Araki in an interview, he wanted readers to recognize Jotaro even from his back, and not just his forefront. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Jotaro's outfit undergoes a few transitions during this arc. Each features his trademark combination of a visored cap and a trench coat. He wears wide-legged pants, and his hat, coat and pants are typically depicted as white. In his first outfit, he wears a trench coat with the collar folded back and cuffs that feature the same tessellated pattern as his belts. Underneath the coat is a jumper of sorts over a stiff high-collared shirt; a buckled strap also runs diagonally across his chest. His hat has a metallic "J" emblem added to his earlier palm, now enclosed by a heart. His second outfit, first worn during the Let's Go "Hunting"! story arc, features a style reminiscent of his school uniform with an upturned coat collar and a single fitted shirt. His hat's emblems are replaced with a dolphin and sun, while his coat features a metallic emblem of two dolphins forming a heart on the right shoulder and a set square with the trademark palm symbol on the left. His final outfit features a coat with a similar style to the second outfit, but has the tessellated cuffs that were present in the first. Underneath, Jotaro wears a small, open, lapel-less waistcoat patterned with alternating circles and crosses over a black turtleneck with the palm emblem on the neck. His hat has a row of black Venus symbols with an arrow at the bottom of the cross, that way, making them resemble anchors, along with another palm emblem. His two belts are no longer patterned, but the bottom has a small pouch attached to it. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Jotaro again wears a dark overcoat; this time of more detail. Lines ring the top and the base of his collar; joining to run the length of the coat's opening. The surface of his collar bears two star pins, with one on the inside, along with a small chain piercing the left. Two lines run the top of the shoulders, with two more radiating from his collar to their sides. Two zips lie between the chest and the stomach. The sides of the shoulders bear large stars, beginning a light stripe reaching his cuffs (also bearing a star) that reads "JOJO", repeatedly. A line runs from the armpit to the end of the coat. He wears a light under-shirt, printed at the chest with a large star. His shoes and pants are of a piece in a snakeskin texture. He wears a single leather belt, studded in two rows, folded behind itself after the buckle. Jotaro's torn, blending cap is also again dark. The visor is square, with a subtle arch. A light gold bar at its joint maintains a gold palm emblem like his original. Two lines run the top of the visor, while a widened star spans the front of the crown, its topmost point running onto the top. The series is known for alternating colors between media, the information presented below may or may not be canon. Jotaro is introduced as a rough delinquent, but he has a gentle heart, and is loyal to those he likes. He is highly perceptive, intelligent and quick-witted while keeping a perpetually cool, slightly neutral or disinterested attitude. Jotaro's most noticeable trait is his seemingly aloof nature. He is a quiet individual, often satisfied with expressing himself in short phrases. His bio explains that he thinks anyone can tell his emotions just by looking at him, and probably thinks further effort in portraying how he feels to be a waste of time, making others tend to perceive Jotaro as callous. Related to this, Jotaro is an extremely cool individual, able to keep his composure in even the direst situations. The best example of his coolness would be against Daniel J. D'Arby, playing a dangerous game of poker during which he successfully bluffs the expert poker player into folding even if he didn't know what cards he had and wagered the souls of every companion and ally involved. While he was shown to be mildly anxious when something unanticipated happens, Jotaro almost never goes as far as to lose his cool. Jotaro is both fierce and gentle, showing these traits in various scenes, from the fight with N'Doul, to the encounter with the D'Arbys. One shining example is how he spared Noriaki Kakyoin instead of killing him outright, even putting his own life on the line just to save the young man from DIO's deadly slavery. Despite refusing to show it explicitly, Jotaro loves his mother and respects his grandfather Joseph. Jotaro's impetus for going to Egypt is Holy's life being put in danger by DIO's Stand, and he flew into an uncharacteristic rage when the vampire desecrated the corpse of his grandfather, before apologizing to Joseph's spirit (who had previously warned Jotaro not to succumb to anger). During his journey to Egypt, Jotaro attached himself to his companions, and through several small gestures expressed his friendship towards them, culminating with a hug with a departing Polnareff. Signs of him loosening up were also shown where he occasionally (but not often) smiles, such as when the group made fun of ZZ, and at one point he even laughs alongside Kakyoin and Polnareff upon discovering the Sun's weakness. Jotaro also has a soft spot for children and is noticeably more tolerant and protective toward them. When Anne accompanies them on his journey, he never yells at her and even protects her from enemy Stand Users, and also watches over her in a similar fashion to an older brother despite being visibly annoyed by her antics. When he takes an ice pop from a young boy, he tells the boy that he will buy him a new one. Jotaro hates people who hurt women or children in a fight, even if the woman or child in question is evil, and will be especially violent toward them; one example of this is his beating of Steely Dan, which was partially motivated by Steely Dan killing Enya the Hag, and trying to use a little girl as a hostage when he was nearly defeated. However, Jotaro doesn't show mercy to evil women and will if need be severely beat them, such as when Midler attacked it and he busted her teeth through her Stand. Furthermore, nagging girls chasing him (both at his school and throughout his journey) annoy Jotaro, who ignores or rudely drives them away, particularly when they begin to fuss or bicker. Moreover, Jotaro is blunt and foul-mouthed, having no problem being insolent towards his mother or any other authority figure. The teenager favors witty one-liners, often ridiculing whoever is the target of his quips and offering absurd reasons for his feats. For instance, he took the time to tell DIO the reason he lost was that the vampire "pissed him off". Whether Jotaro does take himself seriously or is just having fun when using his one-liners is left unanswered. Nonetheless, Jotaro has shown a modicum of respect to the occasional enemy Stand User, praising N'Doul for having been formidable enough to manage to knock his hat off his head and commit suicide to help DIO, then listening to his speech about his devotion and finally burying his corpse in the desert. Moreover, he noted how Daniel J. D'Arby was dangerous and compared him favorably to Telence, stating that Daniel would have spotted an obvious ploy which tricked Telence. Jotaro is interested in a large range of subjects, such as sumo or the TV series Columbo, from which he claims to have acquired his deductive skills. Several hobbies indicate that he has an intellectual side, which would result in him becoming a marine biologist by part 4. Ironically, Jotaro is one of the few who can appreciate Calcutta's atmosphere, which shocks Joseph. Jotaro also has a quirky, particular fashion taste and attachment to his clothes, from refusing to cut off parts of his pants when the school nurse asked him to, to buying clothes to replace the ones that were destroyed after his fight with ZZ with exact replicas as pointed out by Joseph. When he first trades blows with DIO, he specifically points out how the fight tore a hole in his pants, whose high price is openly noted. He also has an attachment to his hat. Jotaro has a habit of muttering "What a pain..." (Yare Yare) to himself to express annoyance toward the ordeals and other events that happen close to him, to the point it has become one of his catchphrases. Jotaro is positioned during this story as a role model, leader or teacher. Koichi and Josuke comment that his company is calming to them, with respect to the consistent threat exerted by emerging Stand users. Having matured, Jotaro isn't as foul-mouthed as he was, although he is still blunt and retains his annoyance towards girls making a fuss. Although his aloofness is still present, it has diminished somewhat over the years; meeting Tomoko Higashikata whilst looking for Josuke shortly after her father is killed by Anjuro, he tolerates her sudden clinginess when she mistakes him for Joseph, and offers some consolation for her father's death. He also admits to Koichi that he was glad to meet him, albeit privately. In Part 6, Jotaro displays his typical serious attitude, but this is also paired with a passionate paternal protectiveness for his daughter Jolyne, although his past neglect has worsened their relationship. Another instance of his diminished stoic attitude, he tells his daughter that he loves and cherishes her, which would motivate Jolyne throughout their adventure. After he is "revived", Anasui, one of Jolyne's companions who is enthralled by her, asks Jotaro to approve his proposal to marry. Reacting first as though he spoke meaninglessly, when Jotaro sees Jolyne lean against Anasui's chest, he pulls her into his arms, protectively; leaving Jolyne clueless as to their interaction. During the final fight against Pucci, Jotaro's love for his family got the best of him, and he made the mistake of trying to both save Jolyne and kill Pucci, succeeding in neither and resulting in his death. One of the strongest Stands in the series, Star Platinum possesses superhuman senses, strength, stamina, accuracy and speed. Like other physically-powerful (or Close-Range) Stands, Star Platinum suffers from a narrow range of activity; active only within a 2-3 meter radius from Jotaro. It is similar to DIO's The World, and, as it turns out, can likewise be used to stop time, an ability revealed at the very end of his fight with DIO. The Tarot card The Star, after which it is named, symbolizes hope, above all. This evolved version of Star Platinum appears near the end of Stone Ocean. This is the highest form to which Jotaro is shown to develop his Stand. SP:TW can stop time for as long as 5 seconds. It is stated that it can freeze time for longer, but 5 seconds is the limit for human endurance under stopped time. Jotaro is extremely proficient at using his Stand, which is facilitated by how powerful it is in the first place. The student is capable of exploiting the basic abilities of a Stand to channel Star Platinum inside his body for better protection or only conjure a part of it for stealth. He is also imaginative in using its physical prowess, using it to punch through obstacles at its most basic, but also stretch it for extra range, lift heavy objects, or more ridiculous ideas like using Star Platinum's lungs to neutralize Justice. Since he lacks the stamina, Jotaro only stops time with parsimony. He mainly uses it for defense, using the extra time to defend an ally or avoid attacks, and has only occasionally used timestop for offense. Intelligence: Jotaro is an adept tactician, using a mix of straightforward brute force and unexpected tricks to prevail. Thanks to Star Platinum tremendous strength in all regards, Jotaro can either force his way out of any tough situation or use unexpected feats of strength such as tunneling his way toward an enemy or using his lung capacity to neutralize a fog Stand. Jotaro has occasionally used the environment to his advantage, filling his clothes with thick books when expecting DIO to use projectiles against him, or taking full advantage of The Fool's glider to approach N'Doul. The years have only increased his wits, and in Part 4 and 6, Jotaro demonstrates a methodical and vigilant sense of observation, watching his environment to anticipate the enemy's moves and attacks, and having a good grasp of the general mechanics of Stands to better identify a Stand's weaknesses. Jotaro is a good trickster although not on the level of Joseph. He is an accomplished bluffer, and use the enemy's own vigilance against the formidable Star Platinum to psych them out, forcing D'Arby to fold in a game of poker he had all but won or tricking DIO into underestimating Star Platinum's ability to move in the stopped time. He also provoked Forever into entering the range of Star Platinum to defeat him. Knowledge: It is implied that Jotaro has accumulated a considerable amount of varied knowledge. At the beginning of Part 3, in his cell, in order to understand his Stand, he had collected a number of books on the theme of the paranormal. In Part 4, it is revealed that he specialized in marine biology; and he briefs Josuke skilfully for the task of hunting two Stand-wielding rats. Strength: While not nearing the levels of superhuman strength possessed by his Stand, Jotaro himself is still notably strong, and has been for a long time; even when de-aged by Sethan, he was able to deliver a painful punch against a full-grown man. Toughness: Jotaro is naturally confident and intolerant to suggestions that he should defer in any way, backed up by his own strength as well as that of his Stand. Cigarette Trick: Jotaro is supposedly able to hold up to five lit cigarettes in his mouth, lit side inwards, and drink juice without putting them out. Oingo failed to replicate this technique. However, this trick could be false. Bluffing: During both the Telence T. D'Arby and Daniel J. D'Arby arcs, Jotaro won through an impressive ability to bluff, as seen by his refusal to look at his cards when playing poker with D'Arby the Elder, and having the confidence to rely on Joseph Joestar to pick up on his signal by announcing his pitch against D'Arby the Younger. The Joestar family's "Secret Technique", running away, is usually utilized as a last resort. It is used by Jotaro in the series during his fight against Rubber Soul. Jotaro Kujo is the protagonist of Stardust Crusaders. He appears prominently in Diamond is Unbreakable, briefly in Vento Aureo, and again in a key role in Stone Ocean. Jotaro is the third and most recurring JoJo of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series. Jotaro Kujo Jotaro is a biracial (half-Japanese) delinquent who lives an ordinary life until the Joestar Family's old enemy, DIO, returns. Seeing his mother Holy falling ill because of DIO, and heeding his grandfather Joseph Joestar's call, Jotaro travels to Egypt in order to save his mother and stop the Vampire once and for all. Wielding the incredibly powerful Star Platinum, Jotaro is the first JoJo introduced with a Stand, and is among the most well-known characters of the series. Jotaro wears a modified trenchcoat-length gakuran/tsume-eri with a tall, stiff collar, pierced on the left with a golden chain. Underneath, he wears a fitted, sleeveless shirt and a pair of slim-fitting ¥20,000 pants of very short, sharp flares held up by two thin belts, often differently colored, patterned in a row of alternately colored tessellated triangles (reflecting Caesar/Joseph's headband). He also wears a pair of leather shoes (presumably) without socks. Jotaro's iconic cap is adorned near the center with a golden button and, on its left, a rectangular golden plate with a design of a flattened hand. It is torn at the back, appearing to merge with his hair. While they are first shown as being completely separate but slightly torn, later publications cause more uncertainty as to where his hat and his hair actually meet. According to Araki in an interview, he wanted readers to recognize Jotaro even from his back, and not just his forefront. Jotaro's outfit undergoes a few transitions during this arc. Each features his trademark combination of a visored cap and a trench coat. He wears wide-legged pants, and his hat, coat and pants are typically depicted as white. In his first outfit, he wears a trench coat with the collar folded back and cuffs that feature the same tessellated pattern as his belts. Underneath the coat is a jumper of sorts over a stiff high-collared shirt; a buckled strap also runs diagonally across his chest. His hat has a metallic "J" emblem added to his earlier palm, now enclosed by a heart. His second outfit, first worn during the Let's Go "Hunting"! story arc, features a style reminiscent of his school uniform with an upturned coat collar and a single fitted shirt. His hat's emblems are replaced with a dolphin and sun, while his coat features a metallic emblem of two dolphins forming a heart on the right shoulder and a set square with the trademark palm symbol on the left. His final outfit features a coat with a similar style to the second outfit, but has the tessellated cuffs that were present in the first. Underneath, Jotaro wears a small, open, lapel-less waistcoat patterned with alternating circles and crosses over a black turtleneck with the palm emblem on the neck. His hat has a row of black Venus symbols with an arrow at the bottom of the cross, that way, making them resemble anchors, along with another palm emblem. His two belts are no longer patterned, but the bottom has a small pouch attached to it. Jotaro again wears a dark overcoat; this time of more detail. Lines ring the top and the base of his collar; joining to run the length of the coat's opening. The surface of his collar bears two star pins, with one on the inside, along with a small chain piercing the left. Two lines run the top of the shoulders, with two more radiating from his collar to their sides. Two zips lie between the chest and the stomach. The sides of the shoulders bear large stars, beginning a light stripe reaching his cuffs (also bearing a star) that reads "JOJO", repeatedly. A line runs from the armpit to the end of the coat. He wears a light under-shirt, printed at the chest with a large star. His shoes and pants are of a piece in a snakeskin texture. He wears a single leather belt, studded in two rows, folded behind itself after the buckle. Jotaro's torn, blending cap is also again dark. The visor is square, with a subtle arch. A light gold bar at its joint maintains a gold palm emblem like his original. Two lines run the top of the visor, while a widened star spans the front of the crown, its topmost point running onto the top. Jotaro is introduced as a rough delinquent, but he has a gentle heart, and is loyal to those he likes. He is highly perceptive, intelligent and quick-witted while keeping a perpetually cool, slightly neutral or disinterested attitude. Jotaro's most noticeable trait is his seemingly aloof nature. He is a quiet individual, often satisfied with expressing himself in short phrases. His bio explains that he thinks anyone can tell his emotions just by looking at him, and probably thinks further effort in portraying how he feels to be a waste of time, making others tend to perceive Jotaro as callous. Related to this, Jotaro is an extremely cool individual, able to keep his composure in even the direst situations. The best example of his coolness would be against Daniel J. D'Arby, playing a dangerous game of poker during which he successfully bluffs the expert poker player into folding even if he didn't know what cards he had and wagered the souls of every companion and ally involved. While he was shown to be mildly anxious when something unanticipated happens, Jotaro almost never goes as far as to lose his cool. Jotaro is both fierce and gentle, showing these traits in various scenes, from the fight with N'Doul, to the encounter with the D'Arbys. One shining example is how he spared Noriaki Kakyoin instead of killing him outright, even putting his own life on the line just to save the young man from DIO's deadly slavery. Despite refusing to show it explicitly, Jotaro loves his mother and respects his grandfather Joseph. Jotaro's impetus for going to Egypt is Holy's life being put in danger by DIO's Stand, and he flew into an uncharacteristic rage when the vampire desecrated the corpse of his grandfather, before apologizing to Joseph's spirit (who had previously warned Jotaro not to succumb to anger). During his journey to Egypt, Jotaro attached himself to his companions, and through several small gestures expressed his friendship towards them, culminating with a hug with a departing Polnareff. Signs of him loosening up were also shown where he occasionally (but not often) smiles, such as when the group made fun of ZZ, and at one point he even laughs alongside Kakyoin and Polnareff upon discovering the Sun's weakness. Jotaro also has a soft spot for children and is noticeably more tolerant and protective toward them. When Anne accompanies them on his journey, he never yells at her and even protects her from enemy Stand Users, and also watches over her in a similar fashion to an older brother despite being visibly annoyed by her antics. When he takes an ice pop from a young boy, he tells the boy that he will buy him a new one. Jotaro hates people who hurt women or children in a fight, even if the woman or child in question is evil, and will be especially violent toward them; one example of this is his beating of Steely Dan, which was partially motivated by Steely Dan killing Enya the Hag, and trying to use a little girl as a hostage when he was nearly defeated. However, Jotaro doesn't show mercy to evil women and will if need be severely beat them, such as when Midler attacked it and he busted her teeth through her Stand. Furthermore, nagging girls chasing him (both at his school and throughout his journey) annoy Jotaro, who ignores or rudely drives them away, particularly when they begin to fuss or bicker. Moreover, Jotaro is blunt and foul-mouthed, having no problem being insolent towards his mother or any other authority figure. The teenager favors witty one-liners, often ridiculing whoever is the target of his quips and offering absurd reasons for his feats. For instance, he took the time to tell DIO the reason he lost was that the vampire "pissed him off". Whether Jotaro does take himself seriously or is just having fun when using his one-liners is left unanswered. Nonetheless, Jotaro has shown a modicum of respect to the occasional enemy Stand User, praising N'Doul for having been formidable enough to manage to knock his hat off his head and commit suicide to help DIO, then listening to his speech about his devotion and finally burying his corpse in the desert. Moreover, he noted how Daniel J. D'Arby was dangerous and compared him favorably to Telence, stating that Daniel would have spotted an obvious ploy which tricked Telence. Jotaro is interested in a large range of subjects, such as sumo or the TV series Columbo, from which he claims to have acquired his deductive skills. Several hobbies indicate that he has an intellectual side, which would result in him becoming a marine biologist by part 4. Ironically, Jotaro is one of the few who can appreciate Calcutta's atmosphere, which shocks Joseph. Jotaro also has a quirky, particular fashion taste and attachment to his clothes, from refusing to cut off parts of his pants when the school nurse asked him to, to buying clothes to replace the ones that were destroyed after his fight with ZZ with exact replicas as pointed out by Joseph. When he first trades blows with DIO, he specifically points out how the fight tore a hole in his pants, whose high price is openly noted. He also has an attachment to his hat. Jotaro has a habit of muttering "What a pain..." (Yare Yare) to himself to express annoyance toward the ordeals and other events that happen close to him, to the point it has become one of his catchphrases. Jotaro is positioned during this story as a role model, leader or teacher. Koichi and Josuke comment that his company is calming to them, with respect to the consistent threat exerted by emerging Stand users. Having matured, Jotaro isn't as foul-mouthed as he was, although he is still blunt and retains his annoyance towards girls making a fuss. Although his aloofness is still present, it has diminished somewhat over the years; meeting Tomoko Higashikata whilst looking for Josuke shortly after her father is killed by Anjuro, he tolerates her sudden clinginess when she mistakes him for Joseph, and offers some consolation for her father's death. He also admits to Koichi that he was glad to meet him, albeit privately. In Part 6, Jotaro displays his typical serious attitude, but this is also paired with a passionate paternal protectiveness for his daughter Jolyne, although his past neglect has worsened their relationship. Another instance of his diminished stoic attitude, he tells his daughter that he loves and cherishes her, which would motivate Jolyne throughout their adventure. After he is "revived", Anasui, one of Jolyne's companions who is enthralled by her, asks Jotaro to approve his proposal to marry. Reacting first as though he spoke meaninglessly, when Jotaro sees Jolyne lean against Anasui's chest, he pulls her into his arms, protectively; leaving Jolyne clueless as to their interaction. During the final fight against Pucci, Jotaro's love for his family got the best of him, and he made the mistake of trying to both save Jolyne and kill Pucci, succeeding in neither and resulting in his death. One of the strongest Stands in the series, Star Platinum possesses superhuman senses, strength, stamina, accuracy and speed. Like other physically-powerful (or Close-Range) Stands, Star Platinum suffers from a narrow range of activity; active only within a 2-3 meter radius from Jotaro. It is similar to DIO's The World, and, as it turns out, can likewise be used to stop time, an ability revealed at the very end of his fight with DIO. The Tarot card The Star, after which it is named, symbolizes hope, above all. This evolved version of Star Platinum appears near the end of Stone Ocean. This is the highest form to which Jotaro is shown to develop his Stand. SP:TW can stop time for as long as 5 seconds. It is stated that it can freeze time for longer, but 5 seconds is the limit for human endurance under stopped time. Jotaro is extremely proficient at using his Stand, which is facilitated by how powerful it is in the first place. The student is capable of exploiting the basic abilities of a Stand to channel Star Platinum inside his body for better protection or only conjure a part of it for stealth. He is also imaginative in using its physical prowess, using it to punch through obstacles at its most basic, but also stretch it for extra range, lift heavy objects, or more ridiculous ideas like using Star Platinum's lungs to neutralize Justice. Since he lacks the stamina, Jotaro only stops time with parsimony. He mainly uses it for defense, using the extra time to defend an ally or avoid attacks, and has only occasionally used timestop for offense. Intelligence: Jotaro is an adept tactician, using a mix of straightforward brute force and unexpected tricks to prevail. Thanks to Star Platinum tremendous strength in all regards, Jotaro can either force his way out of any tough situation or use unexpected feats of strength such as tunneling his way toward an enemy or using his lung capacity to neutralize a fog Stand. Jotaro has occasionally used the environment to his advantage, filling his clothes with thick books when expecting DIO to use projectiles against him, or taking full advantage of The Fool's glider to approach N'Doul. Intelligence The years have only increased his wits, and in Part 4 and 6, Jotaro demonstrates a methodical and vigilant sense of observation, watching his environment to anticipate the enemy's moves and attacks, and having a good grasp of the general mechanics of Stands to better identify a Stand's weaknesses. Jotaro is a good trickster although not on the level of Joseph. He is an accomplished bluffer, and use the enemy's own vigilance against the formidable Star Platinum to psych them out, forcing D'Arby to fold in a game of poker he had all but won or tricking DIO into underestimating Star Platinum's ability to move in the stopped time. He also provoked Forever into entering the range of Star Platinum to defeat him. Knowledge: It is implied that Jotaro has accumulated a considerable amount of varied knowledge. At the beginning of Part 3, in his cell, in order to understand his Stand, he had collected a number of books on the theme of the paranormal. In Part 4, it is revealed that he specialized in marine biology; and he briefs Josuke skilfully for the task of hunting two Stand-wielding rats. Knowledge Strength: While not nearing the levels of superhuman strength possessed by his Stand, Jotaro himself is still notably strong, and has been for a long time; even when de-aged by Sethan, he was able to deliver a painful punch against a full-grown man. Strength Toughness: Jotaro is naturally confident and intolerant to suggestions that he should defer in any way, backed up by his own strength as well as that of his Stand. Toughness Cigarette Trick: Jotaro is supposedly able to hold up to five lit cigarettes in his mouth, lit side inwards, and drink juice without putting them out. Oingo failed to replicate this technique. However, this trick could be false. Cigarette Trick: Bluffing: During both the Telence T. D'Arby and Daniel J. D'Arby arcs, Jotaro won through an impressive ability to bluff, as seen by his refusal to look at his cards when playing poker with D'Arby the Elder, and having the confidence to rely on Joseph Joestar to pick up on his signal by announcing his pitch against D'Arby the Younger. Bluffing: The Joestar family's "Secret Technique", running away, is usually utilized as a last resort. It is used by Jotaro in the series during his fight against Rubber Soul.

Stand Name: Star Platinum is the Stand of Jotaro Kujo. Among the very first Stands introduced, it is featured along with Jotaro in three parts of the series, most prominently in Stardust Crusaders. Jotaro has described Star Platinum as very violent. It is silent, except when it throws punches, during which it cries "ORAORAORA" loudly and repeatedly. With a relatively human face, it may scowl and smile. It has a very malicious grin when it is first revealed. Star Platinum demonstrates a sort of interest in self-preservation, as seen when it halts a bullet Jotaro experimentally shoots at his own head, protects an incapacitated Jotaro from DIO's attacks during Time Stop, and revives him from near-death by directly pumping his heart (however, considering Star Platinum's pioneering role in the series, this capacity may speak primarily to the metaphysical or subconscious qualities of Stand users). In the original manga, Star Platinum, early on, is seen with a wide, disconcerting smile. Later on, Star Platinum gains Jotaro's stoic visage, with its future smiles only serving to warn the person the smile is aimed at great, imminent pain. Star Platinum is named after the Tarot card The Star, which symbolizes optimism, discernment, and hope. Star Platinum is a close-range Stand, with a basic reach of only 2 meters from Jotaro's body, but with incredible strength, speed, and precision. It is one of the most powerful Stands featured in the series. Its overwhelming physical prowess in every basic characteristic, save for range, coupled with Jotaro's own cleverness in combat, allows Jotaro to repeatedly prevail against many Stand users even without the usage of any special ability. In addition, Jotaro's discovery of its time-stopping ability only made it all the more formidable in combat. Star Platinum: The World When activated, Star Platinum is able to halt the flow of time for a brief moment, causing everything around him to appear frozen in place. During this time-lapse, Jotaro is able to interact with any object or person within his range. Measures of time during Time Stop correspond to normal measures, as shown by Jotaro's unwilling reduction in the duration of Time Stop affected by Made in Heaven. He is unable to use the ability consecutively, requiring a few seconds in between each usage. In Jotaro's prime, the ability lasted 5 seconds, but decreased over time due to neglect from its user. Ten years after its initial use, Jotaro is only able to stop time for half a second, but eventually extends it to 1-2 seconds throughout the later half of Diamond is Unbreakable. In Stone Ocean, the Stand is given the official name, Star Platinum: The World, as well as stats that differ from the original Star Platinum. Despite a significant downgrade to the Stand's persistence, Jotaro increases the duration of the time stop from 2 seconds back to its original 5 seconds during the face-off at Cape Canaveral. Star Platinum: The World In the story mode of the game Eyes of Heaven, Jotaro eventually comes face to face with Heaven Ascension DIO, the mastermind behind the multiverse plot. As their fight went on, Star Platinum and The World's same-type aspect came into play once more, enabling Star Platinum to learn The World Over Heaven's signature ability: Overwrite Reality. Overwrite Reality. This grants Star Platinum the same potentially limitless ability to rewrite time and reality itself, the only true limitation being that it requires the use of its hands to do so. Despite these changes, Star Platinum's appearance and stats are not given any change like The World Over Heaven's. As a result of its powers, all of the anomalies disappeared after the death of Heaven Ascension DIO. The world reverted back to normal and Jotaro lost his Over Heaven power.

Stand User: Squalo is a minor antagonist featured in Vento Aureo. As a member of Passione and by extension the Boss' Unità Speciale, he works with his partner Tiziano in Venice in order to assassinate Team Bucciarati after they defect from Passione. Squalo is a Stand User and commands the stealthy yet lethal Clash in battle. Squalo shares a deep bond with Tiziano, swearing to avenge his partner when he dies. Clash is a shark Stand which cannot sustain itself out of water but can teleport between close water bodies to maul its target. Squalo first uses his Stand to rip out Narancia Ghirga's tongue, which also doubles as a means for him to plant Tiziano's Stand on his tongue as a means to mislead Bucciarati's group and kill them one by one. However, Narancia manages to isolate his Stand and injure him sufficiently, forcing his breathing to increase and causing a large amount of carbon dioxide he expels to become visible on Aerosmith's radar. With no body of water for him to transfer his Stand, Squalo is forced to watch as Tiziano sacrifices himself to block Narancia's bullets, spilling his blood and enabling him to use his Stand to attack Narancia. Squalo engages Narancia in a standoff, but ultimately loses and dies from Aerosmith's bullets.

Stand Name: Clash is the Stand of Squalo, featured in Vento Aureo. Clash is a long-distance Stand that can be precisely manipulated by Squalo from afar. Although fragile, Clash has the ability to appear inside any mass of liquid and rip off body parts of its target, making it a Stand appropriate for deadly ambushes. Clash is a fish Stand, thus it must stay inside liquids to persist and is only able to make brief leaps out of liquid to attack. However, it can instantly teleport into any body of liquid of a minimal size near the one it is occupying at the moment. Liquids it has occupied include hot soup, wine, fresh or sea water, and even someone's tears. Clash can also sink inside and emerge out bodies of liquid as if they have depth despite being extremely shallow, as well as take anything or anyone along with it when transferring between liquids. Thus it could drag Giorno away through a puddle of water from a leaking pipe. However it cannot teleport into sealed bodies of liquid or teleport more than 2 or 3 meters away from its current position according to Narancia. Moreover the warping process can become slower if Clash is hurt. It also takes a practical size depending on the liquid that it occupies: when in a wine glass, it is about the size of a small fish, but appears to be larger than a canoe when swimming in one of Venice's canals. It seems to be dependant on how much surface the water is covering, as Clash can appear as big as cat when inside a shallow puddle.

Stand User: Koichi Hirose is the deuteragonist of Diamond is Unbreakable and appears briefly as a minor ally in Vento Aureo. Koichi is a meek high-school first-year who finds himself embroiled in the world of Stand users as he befriends Josuke Higashikata. Koichi also becomes a Stand User and wields Echoes. Koichi is an amiable, but meek youth who undergoes an exceptional degree of character development over the course of Diamond is Unbreakable, becoming more assertive throughout many confrontations with evil Stand users. His greatest leaps are illustrated by the metamorphosis of his Stand, Echoes. One of Koichi's constant traits is his friendliness and overall politeness toward any stranger and acquaintance. Having a gentle heart, Koichi usually doesn't seek to harm his opponents, notably having saved Yukako from death even though she wanted to kill him before, and briefly fighting Giorno Giovanna without the strength to kill, which inadvertently saved him. However, Koichi's friendliness disappears on the rare occasions he is angered, and he becomes more abrasive, violent and vulgar. Koichi also possesses a rather cheerful personality. He finds wonder in most things (such as his new bike, a famous mangaka living in town, finding an error in a map, etc. ), and has little trouble befriending people. Because of this, he is usually easily pressured into an interlocutor's demands, such as Tamami Kobayashi effortlessly extorting him, or Rohan pushing him into spending time with him. Much like any ordinary teenager, Koichi is interested in more accessible distractions. He is a great fan of Rohan Kishibe's manga Pink Dark Boy and plans to visit Disneyland Paris but expresses no interest in "old" countries such as Italy. Another one of Koichi's primary characteristics is his courage and associated virtuousness. As revealed by Heaven's Door, Koichi is described as cowardly, but courageous when push comes to shove. True to that assertion, Koichi is very prone to express anxiety, fear, and despair at various setbacks, such as his battles against Yukako, Rohan or Sheer Heart Attack. Terunosuke states that when Koichi is scared he blinks twice. In addition, Koichi mentions during the Atom Heart Father arc that he has claustrophobia. Still, Koichi soldiers on and braves danger despite his fears. Initially weak-willed, acquiring a Stand and fighting others made him more confident in himself and assertive, going from being bullied by upperclassmen to facing down and taunting Yoshikage Kira while on the verge of death. By Vento Aureo, Koichi has grown into a confident youth who, while still prone to bouts of panic, could enter a Stand fight without qualms. The mix of his gentleness and courage make Koichi an extremely likable individual, earning the friendship and respect of the vast majority of the cast including Josuke Higashikata, Tamami Kobayashi, Toshikazu Hazamada, Rohan Kishibe, Yukako Yamagishi, Aya Tsuji, and Jotaro Kujo. Koichi is a relatively perceptive individual, able to make quick and decisive moves in a fight, sometimes at the cost of being too imprudent. For the most part, Koichi tries to analyze his situation before acting, notably due to how weak his Stand is at the start of the series and the severe limitations of his powers, but sometimes misses a critical consequence of his actions. After a difficult start in his relationship with Yukako, due to her kidnapping Koichi, he eventually fell in love with Yukako's tough and unforgiving personality. His love was such that he was willing to be blinded forever in case Yukako became ugly, so as to ease her pain. Koichi's Stand, Echoes, starts off with ACT1 only. As Part Four progressed, Echoes evolves, giving Koichi new abilities to use. By the end of Part Four, Echoes gains ACT2 and ACT3. He is able to willingly call upon Echoes' previous ACT forms at will and utilize their unique abilities. ACT1 enables him to write on any surface, causing the words or onomatopoeia to continuously repeat at various volumes. ACT2 enables him to write a sound effect on any surface. If the word is touched, a special effect related to the sound effect is activated. ACT3, a humanoid Stand, facilitates conventional melee attack and the ability to "freeze" targets by ascribing them unbearable weight. Thanks to Echoes' three forms, Koichi is presented with a wide array of options. For direct combat, Koichi favors using his latest ACT, almost exclusively using Echoes ACT3 when he unlocks it despite ACT2's potential for versatility. With Echoes ACT3, Koichi makes ample use of his weighting power to immobilize enemies but its restricted effects do not lend themselves to the imagination. Koichi also regularly uses ACT1 as a scout, using its great range of 50 meters to watch his surroundings. Up until the events of the manga, Koichi has lived an ordinary life as a Japanese boy. It is known that he was born at the Red Cross Hospital in S City on March 23, 1984 at 6:27 AM. He was born prematurely, only weighting 2325g and kept in intensive care for 7 days. Koichi is a first-year student in class 1-B of Budogaoka Highschool. On the first day of school, he meets Jotaro Kujo and Josuke Higashikata, learning that they have extraordinary powers. Josuke being his first acquaintance in highschool, Koichi and him quickly become friends. Some time later, Koichi is shot with the Bow and Arrow by Keicho Nijimura, who was searching for a Stand capable of killing his father. Koichi develops the egg-shaped Stand Echoes, whose ability is still unknown, and bears witness to Josuke's battle against Keicho as well as the theft of the Arrow by Red Hot Chili Pepper. Koichi remains well-involved with the overall plot, his Stand even evolving multiple times as he fights a few battles on his own. He is a victim of the con artist Tamami Kobayashi, who threatens his family in exchange for money. In this battle, Koichi develops Echoes ACT1 and defeats Tamami, who later befriends him. With the help of Tamami, Koichi investigates the Stand user Toshikazu Hazamada and tries to fight him alongside Josuke. Hazamada is ultimately defeated Yukako, a fellow student in love with him, at first proved to be very difficult for him to deal with as she was very aggressive in her affections towards him. Koichi tried to look like a "bad guy" to keep her away but this plan backfires as she goes to the point of kidnapping him and threatening his life should he not appreciate her efforts to "change him into a better person". Koichi defeats her in battle after developing Echoes ACT2 but saves her life in the end. Akira Otoishi reveals later that Koichi was one of the Stand users he watched with his Red Hot Chili Pepper. Koichi then participates little in the battle against Akira, his weak long-ranged Echoes being used as a liaison between him on the port and Jotaro on the boat. Some time later, Koichi somewhat befriends Hazamada over their shared love of mangas. The pair goes to the house of famous mangaka Rohan Kishibe to ask for an autograph and are even invited inside. Rohan baits the students into looking at his art and they get turned into books by Rohan's Heaven's Door as a result. Rohan takes a keen interest in Koichi for his admirable personality and decides to brainwash him to serve as a muse. Thankfully, Josuke and Okuyasu intervene to beat Rohan and rein in his obsession. A month later, Rohan and Koichi meet again. The two accidentally discover the Ghost Girl's Alley and explore it only to find Reimi Sugimoto, who explains that a killer has been lurking in town for decades. On the way out, Koichi is almost abducted by the malicious spirits of the alley but Rohan saves him. Koichi goes on to warn Josuke and Okuyasu about the killer. When Yukako searches for Aya Tsuji's help, Koichi is beginning to be attracted to Yukako. He even offers to become blind in case he fails to help Yukako return to her old appearance (changed by Cinderella). Later in the story, still lovestruck, she seemed to have learned from her mistakes in trying to force him and approached him more carefully, upon which Koichi warmed up to her and slowly, willingly, became her boyfriend. After Shigechi is killed by the murderer Yoshikage Kira, Koichi becomes deeply involved with the investigation. He and Jotaro Kujo almost discover Kira's identity but must fight off Killer Queen's Sheer Heart Attack ability. During that battle, Jotaro is grievously wounded but Koichi actually develops Echoes ACT3 and stops Sheer Heart Attack. Kira comes soon after and defeats Koichi, who nonetheless remains defiant until Killer Queen impales him on his fist. Koichi almost dies but is saved by Jotaro and healed by Josuke. The group fails to capture Kira, who takes a new identity because of Aya Tsuji's Cinderella. Later, Koichi, along with Josuke, Okuyasu and Jotaro search Kira's house, but the group is attacked by Kira's father, Yoshihiro. Yoshihiro is captured but tricks Okuyasu into releasing him and he flees with another Arrow. Since Yoshikage has a new identity, Rohan and Jotaro take it upon themselves to investigate all the commuters in town, letting Yoshihiro Kira the chance to make several Stand Users and sic them at the heroes. During Josuke's encounter with Highway Star, Koichi helps locate Yuya Fungami by tracking his Stand. Koichi is kidnapped by Terunosuke Miyamoto, who traps him in a piece a paper with his Stand, Enigma. His life is put into danger when Terunosuke throws Koichi in front of a car, but he ends up being saved by Yuya. Koichi also tries to save Rohan from Cheap Trick but almost rips out Rohan's back in the process. Koichi finally finds Yoshikage Kira again and is fundamental to his defeat, as he multiplies the weight of Kira's left hand before he can activate his Bites the Dust ability. As Kira is accidentally killed by an ambulance, Koichi looks away in horror. After Kira's death, he then sees off Reimi as she, along with her dog, goes to heaven. He is seen hanging out with Yukako next to the Angelo rock and wants to eat a lunch she made and holds her hand as they walk. He is later seen talking to Josuke and Okuyasu about a rumor the latter heard about Rohan being caught shoplifting at Kame Yu. The information below derives from a Light Novel not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canon. After the events of Part 4, Koichi and Rohan find a cat (named Trinita) covered in blood and the two try to find his master. Koichi soon discovers that Hanae Orikasa, the cat's master, was killed under mysterious circumstances and tags along with Rohan to find the killer. After taking Trinita from the police station via Echoes, they discover, with the help of Heaven's Door, that the killer might be a Stand user, and has a very distinct characteristic: red marks on his arms. Koichi later works with Yukako to discover if the killer is from the same class as them, using his Echoes ACT2. Learning the fact that there are multiple students in the school with this feature, Koichi tries figuring out the secret inside this. After Koichi knows about Josuke's mother Tomoko getting attacked, he meets up one of his schoolmates with red marks on his arms, asks him about this, and gets surprised with his response that he actually did this by himself. Then Rohan comes and uses Heaven's Door to read the schoolmate's memory. By reading his memory, Rohan deducts the Stand ability of the culprit and erases those made-up memories. After this investigation, Koichi asks Rohan to erase the memories from Tomoko as well. Later, in March 2000, with Rohan's investigation, Koichi and his fellows have more information about Hanae Orikasa and the culprit. When Koichi and Yukako are studying at Thorn Parlour (Morioh public library), they encounter Chiho Futaba. Koichi is a little confused to know that Chiho knows his name. On a snowy day, Koichi goes home by bus after school and runs into Josuke. They talk a little about the pompadour young man who saved Josuke's life when he was 4. Then Koichi glances a slide. They run to the spot and find an orphanage. After they ask the staff and the dean, Josuke and Koichi are quite sure that Takuma Hasumi is the culprit they are chasing. After getting Takuma's address, Koichi and Josuke decide to go to his home the next day. That night, Koichi is informed by Yukako that Chiho's home is on fire, so he immediately calls Josuke, who doesn't reply and is actually on his way to Takuma's home. Josuke calls back when he fails to find Takuma in his home, then Koichi tells Josuke that Takuma might be at Thorn Palace now. Finishing the phone call, Koichi starts walking to Thorn Palour. Koichi also calls Okuyasu and tells him to go to Thorn Parlour on his way. It's assumed that the battle between Josuke and Takuma is already over when Koichi eventually arrives Thorn Palour, and Koichi calls the ambulance and police anonymously. In August 2000, Koichi comes across Chiho accidentally, who is now living with her mom outside Morioh. After some chatting, he is astonished to find out Chiho is pregnant with Takuma, her half brother's child. Deciding to keep this encounter as a secret, Koichi prays that Chiho and her child will have a good future when Chiho is leaving Morioh. Koichi makes a brief appearance, hearing Rohan's story about Nanase Kishibe along with Okuyasu and Josuke. Koichi questions Okuyasu about his opinion on Rohan's likeness with Mona Lisa, as they have different genders. Jotaro sends Koichi to Naples, Italy to locate Haruno Shiobana in order to get a skin sample for the Speedwagon Foundation to test, having asked Rohan to write 'Italian language skills' into him with Heaven's Door to make the ordeal easier. Shortly after arriving, Koichi notices Giorno performing in the street and then subtly bribing the policemen watching. Giorno offers to give him a ride, but Koichi refuses until noticing the long line of people waiting for a taxi. Unfortunately, the offer was a trick and Giorno starts to drive off with Koichi's luggage before he can get in the car. Using Echoes ACT3, Koichi stops the car but Giorno simply smiles and flees the scene after transforming the luggage it into a frog. Koichi overhears the nearby policemen talking about Giorno's failure and realizes that "Giorno Giovanna" is actually the "Haruno Shiobana" he'd been sent to find. He doesn't, however, figure out that the frog he found in the back of the car is actually his luggage. Sometime later, when Giorno is undergoing the test to join Passione, Koichi locates his apartment and searches for his missing luggage. He nearly extinguishes the lighter flame which Giorno had stood in a loaf of bread, but Giorno whisks it away with Gold Experience just in time. Having successfully found his passport, Koichi leaves the apartment building only to stumble upon Giorno and a dead janitor. At first, he believes Giorno is responsible but soon learns that it was Black Sabbath's doing. He ends up helping Giorno to defeat the Stand, noticing in the process that it possesses part of the Bow and Arrow. Koichi then accesses a payphone to inform Jotaro, but Giorno stops him and Koichi decides to remain quiet in deference to Giorno's virtuousness and behavioral similarity to those of the Joestar bloodline in the manga. In the anime, Giorno trusts him enough to tell him everything. Koichi continues his trip and he gives the report to Jotaro when he gets home. It's implied Koichi stood up for him since Jotaro doesn't pursue Giorno anymore. Koichi was planned to be in the GioGio PS2 game, likely as a playable character as there are beta pictures of him appearing in the game (such as one of him appearing with the main characters of Part 5 and in another one looking for Giorno and his stolen luggage). However, for unknown reasons Koichi was removed from the game, with no trace of him even in the game's Gallery Mode (unlike other characters, such as Risotto Nero or Leaky-Eye Luca, who do not appear in Story Mode but have viewable characters models regardless). In canon Part 5, Koichi has a confrontation with Giorno over his stolen items and later helps him fight against Black Sabbath. As he was absent from the game, the Story Mode begins with the narrative skipping to Giorno on the tram being confronted by Bucciarati in Chapter 1, and in Chapter 3, Giorno fights Black Sabbath by himself. Koichi makes his playable debut in the PS3 game and was confirmed along with Akira Otoshi. Koichi is voiced by Romi Park, who previously voiced Giorno Giovanna and Gold Experience Requiem in the aforementioned PS2 GioGio game. Along with Enrico Pucci, Kosaku-Kira, Johnny Joestar, Hol Horse, and Giorno Giovanna, Koichi is a character who can utilize more than one Stand during a match as part of his moveset. In gameplay, Koichi uses all three forms of Echoes as part of his moveset, unlike Johnny or Pucci, who need to evolve their Stands during combat. As one of the majority of playable characters with the "Stand" Style, Koichi can turn Echoes ACT3 on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush During a fight, Koichi can use several different abilities that were featured in Diamond is Unbreakable. While Echoes ACT3 is off: While Echoes ACT3 is on: Koichi's HHA, GHA, or "S-H-I-T" inflicts 3 Freeze. The opponent is made heavier as a result of ACT3. This results in them moving much slower and being unable to jump for a period of time, forced into a constant crouch. While the effect cannot be broken by hitting Koichi or gaining enough distance, it has a relatively short duration, slightly altered based on the attack that generated it. 3 Freeze Koichi's HHA, "Echoes ACT3: FREEZE!! ", sends ACT3 flying forward, rapidly punching the enemy with the Freeze effect active and pushing them away for an extended period of time, with the final hit knocking them down. The HHA does not require an initial hit to connect in order to work, and will not stop until it finishes or Koichi is interrupted. The HHA inflicts the 3 Freeze effect for a medium-length period of time. Echoes ACT3: FREEZE! ! Koichi's GHA, "I'm really getting stronger?! ", starts with him summoning ACT1 to throw a "BAM!" SFX. If it lands, the opponent is assaulted by SFX loudly repeating itself enough to make them cover their ears. ACT2 flies in and places a "KaBOOM!" SFX under them, blasting them high into the air. The GHA finishes with ACT3 appearing above the opponent and performing a barrage of punches while activating 3 Freeze, making the opponent smash into the ground on landing. The GHA inflicts the 3 Freeze effect for a long period of time. I'm really getting stronger? ! Aside from being a playable character, Koichi also appears on the stage "Kira Estate" as a background character, if he himself is not one of the two fighters, along with Okuyasu. Koichi also appears as the auto-save icon, with his face under the effects of Heaven's Door as the pages flip. Koichi uses unique dialogue before a fight with Jotaro or Giorno, telling the latter that he wants his suitcase luggage back, recreating their antagonistic dynamic during early Part 5 before they leave on good terms. Koichi possesses two alternate costumes, the first being the pajamas he wore during Yukako's introductory arc and his second one being his T-shirt with the LUCKY.CO logo on it that he wore during his assistance in Josuke's battle against Highway Star. Koichi also won the first place in his League Group in the All Star Battle League, beating fan favorites such as Giorno, Jolyne, and Gyro. He even managed to reach to the semi-finals matches, but ultimately lost to Jotaro. Koichi was confirmed for the game alongside Yukako. Once again Koichi is voiced by Romi Park and his main color scheme is the same from the previous game. Since most of the game's animation, effects, and attacks were reused from All Star Battle, Koichi's style of play remains mostly the same; focusing on using a variety of abilities across Echoes' different ACTs. As a Stand User, Koichi is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. While ACT1 is active: While ACT2 is active: While ACT3 is active: In the post-credits scene of the new JoJo timeline where most of the fallen allies (including the actual Kosaku Kawajiri) are now alive well (and Joshu's relationship Part 8 Josuke improves), during the retelling story of Part 4's first chapter where he met Jotaro, Koichi claims to experience deja vu, and that he met a younger Jotaro somewhere before. He is paired with Will A. Zeppeli in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Jonathan Joestar and DIO. Koichi was one of the characters first confirmed during the game's announcement.

Stand Name: Echoes is the Stand of Koichi Hirose, featured primarily in Diamond is Unbreakable and appearing briefly in Vento Aureo. Rare among Stands, Echoes takes three distinct forms called "ACT"s, which Koichi may call upon alternately. Manga Debut: Chapter 279 - The Nijimura Brothers, Part 6 Manga Debut Anime Debut: DU Episode 4 - The Nijimura Brothers, Part 2 Anime Debut Echoes first appears as a large egg whose bottom is covered in swirling spots. Echoes was born in extremely unusual circumstances. Koichi was stabbed by the Arrow, but due to not having the necessary fighting spirit, should have died; however Josuke Higashikata healed him with Crazy Diamond before he could die and thus Koichi survived, acquiring a powerless Stand in the process. It is most commonly portrayed as being white with green spots. It makes its first appearance during the battle against Keicho, though as an egg, it is immobile and cannot do anything. Koichi calls on it in his battle against Tamami, during which it develops into ACT1. Manga Debut: Chapter 287 - Koichi Hirose (Echoes), Part 4 Manga Debut Anime Debut: DU Episode 6 - Koichi Hirose (Echoes) Anime Debut ACT1 takes the appearance of a three-section larvae-like creature. Its oversized first section serves as a head and two small shelled arms are attached to it. The head is covered with a shell on top of which a spike is visible, and the face is nearly entirely covered by metallic blinkers, only leaving a small beak visible. The second section is a shelled torso with a dark belly. The third section is equipped with a set of small wheels and a large serpentine tail with a dark belly and a clearer back covered in swirling spots and at whose end is a metallic rattle. Its most common color scheme is green and black spots. ACT1 doesn't have a full-fledged personality. It obeys its master's command and sometimes lets out a small growl. ACT1 hatched from its egg during Koichi's fight with Tamami, and although it was weak, its strange power easily subdued Tamami. Koichi would then use it a second time against Surface and Hazamada to fool them into thinking Josuke really pierced his own eye and then fool Hazamada into taking a detour and let Josuke join with Jotaro first. However, when Koichi was kidnapped by Yukako, although ACT1's long range and power allowed Koichi to contact Josuke, it was too weak against Yukako's willpower. Thus ACT1 evolved into ACT2. ACT1 made appearances after Josuke's fight against Akira Otoishi and Koichi. It would make a final appearance during the Sheer Heart Attack story arc, when Koichi sent it out to scout for Kira, leaving himself defenseless against Sheer Heart Attack. ACT1 is a long-range Stand. It is very weak, its punch failing to hurt Tamami, and also slow. However, it has the longest range of all ACTs and can go up to about 50 meters from its user, making it useful as a scouting Stand. Echoes ACT1 can write anything on any surface or person. If it is an onomatopoeia, typically in Katakana, a sound related to the onomatopoeia in question is produced. If it is a sentence written in Kanji, the words will influence the target's state of mind. For instance, Koichi could convince his mother, who was on the verge of suicide, to stop and trust him by using the sentence "Believe in me!" on her. The sound and words are said to not really be heard but to be as if they came from inside the person. The sounds vary in volume, but will increase the longer the sound is active and reverberates to a person more strongly if the sound is written directly on them. The effect can be broken with enough willpower, as Yukako dispels the writing that Koichi puts on her. Manga Debut: Chapter 300 - Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part 7 Manga Debut Anime Debut: DU Episode 9 - Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part 2 Anime Debut Echoes ACT2 is a developed form of Echoes ACT1, gained during the battle with Yukako. ACT2 is now humanoid, though smaller than ACT1. It is fully clad in a shell-like armor decorated with metallic striped protrusions at the crotch and other places, the most prominent piece being a large high collar fused with shoulder weights with "S2" written on the back which covers the back of the head and the shoulders. ACT2's oversized head has a now revealed face, its metallic striped eyes, nose and small robotic mouth being revealed. It still has a long organic tail with a dark belly and bright back, and a detachable kunai-like stinger. It is generally portrayed as being green. Although ACT2 is still physically weak, it now possesses a stronger and more versatile power than its previous form, making it more suited to direct confrontation. Echoes' second form increases its sound abilities beyond its first form's capabilities. Echoes can write a sound effect on any surface. However, unlike ACT1, it is only able to shoot sound effects from its tail, limiting it to only one sound effect at a time. When the sound effect is touched, an effect related to the sound is produced, either affecting the person who touched it or the object which the words are inscribed on. Enhanced Speed: Foreshadowing the speed of ACT3, ACT2 gains a massive increase in speed - fast enough to give the impression of disappearing into the air. Enhanced Speed Manga Debut: Chapter 358 - Sheer Heart Attack, Part 5 Manga Debut Anime Debut: DU Episode 23 - Sheer Heart Attack, Part 1 Anime Debut ACT3 is a completely humanoid Stand. ACT3 takes the appearance of a robot with the same metallic striped eyes but now human lips. Its body is covered in multiple striped protrusions mimicking human muscles and several of them form a crest at the top of the head. ACT3 also has two X-shaped holes on the sides of the head. ACT3 now possesses a cloth wrapped around its waist similar to shorts with the number 3 printed on the front and keeps its boots. Its tail is now vestigial, a single long spike protruding from its behind. Koichi develops Echoes ACT3 during his confrontation against Sheer Heart Attack when ACT2 proves too weak to battle the Stand. ACT3 is now fully sentient and able to communicate with its master. ACT3 speaks politely when talking to Koichi, following his orders and referring to him as Master. However, he has a tendency to suddenly curse in English, in a manner seemingly inspired by rap music. In the Japanese version, its speech is often written in katakana to underline a mechanical tone. Echoes ACT 3 is generally presented as being white and green. Unlike Echoes' first two forms, ACT3 has a much shorter effective range. It is extremely fast and noted to be stronger but is still no match for even a Stand like Killer Queen. ACT3's signature ability is 3 Freeze, with which it applies a "freezing" or stopping effect by greatly increasing the weight of its target by punching it, typically adopting a fighting stance while joining the hands together while doing so and producing an aura. For example, Killer Queen's Sheer Heart Attack is forcibly sunk into the pavement by this ability, and, according to its user, the effects were as if there were 40-50 kilograms of weight on his left hand. 3 Freeze The weight increases do have drawbacks; 3 Freeze can only affect one thing at a time, and the effect ceases if the target moves more than 5 meters away from ACT3. The closer the target is to ACT3, the heavier it feels. Echoes ACT1 appears without his Stand user, Koichi, as one of the ten characters from the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure franchise on the game. All versions of Echoes appear as Koichi's Stand during gameplay. Different moves correspond to different Stands. A full list can be found here.

Stand User: Pannacotta Fugo is a side character and ally featured in Vento Aureo. A young and quick-tempered strategist, Fugo is a member of Bucciarati's team and, by extension, Passione. He follows Giorno and Bucciarati in their mission to protect Trish Una. In addition to being one of the more calculated members on the team, he possesses the particularly deadly Stand, Purple Haze. Pannacotta Fugo is a serious and caring but easily enraged youth. Fugo has a very caring personality, as shown in his past when he brings a young Narancia, who was suffering from hunger and from an eye disease, into a restaurant and asks Bucciarati to give him food. He even continues to greatly care for Narancia, tutoring him and acting protective of him at times. Fugo is usually a friendly member of the group, easily mingling with the turbulent Mista and Narancia, being the first to greet Trish Una, and openly acknowledging Giorno's ability and greatly praising him after their fight together. However, once upset Fugo is quite hotheaded and violent. It is stated that he dropped out of school because he bashed his teacher with an encyclopedia. He was also shown to violently stab Narancia with a fork and slam his head over a table when the latter made a basic mistake and jabbing him in the stomach with keys when he repeatedly restated orders incorrectly. His Stand, when shown to be belligerent, is said to reflect this aspect of his personality. The anime adaptation expands upon this, showing that Fugo was mentally unstable because of the pressure of his parents to achieve the highest academic grades, containing violent or even murderous impulses during his entire youth. Fugo only became openly angry at a lecherous teacher and has never since tried to solve his anger issues. Fugo is also a very intelligent and serious member. Though he did indeed drop out of school in the end, it still stands that his academic ability allowed him to enter university level at the age of only 13. During Team Bucciarati's bodyguarding mission, he was one of the most cautious and would frequently advise for the safer option. When presented with the choice to stay with Bucciarati's group and betray the Boss or leave and seek safety, Fugo deserted the group, having resigned to the logical reasoning of the group inevitably having to battle The Boss. Fugo's Stand Purple Haze releases a deadly flesh-eating virus via capsules on his hand, killing any nearby lifeform in 30 seconds. Fugo was born into a wealthy family in Naples. He performed extremely well in his studies, having boasted an IQ of 152. At the age of 13, Fugo had already entered a university to study law, although he had a poor relationship with his professors. At some point, he beat one of the professors with an encyclopedia. From that point onward, Fugo's life grew worse and worse until he joined Bruno Bucciarati's gang. One day, Fugo came across a hungry and diseased boy named Narancia Ghirga digging through trashcans for food. While Narancia didn't expect much from the stranger, Fugo would bring him to a restaurant in order to be fed, much to the gratitude of the older boy. However, Fugo did not know that this action would lead Narancia to try to join his gang as a result of the encounter. Eventually, the two end up on the same team, and Fugo becomes a teacher figure to Narancia, while at the same time being trusted as Bucciarati's second-in-command. The anime adaptation expands on his background. Due to his high intellect, his parents put a large amount of pressure on him to excel in his studies, the stress of which caused Fugo to develop his violent temper. At one point he almost attempted to stab his own father in the back, before stopping himself. Later in his life, during his time in university, Fugo was looking for study materials in the school library. One of his professors approached him and attempted to seduce him, possibly a second time. Despite Fugo asking that he ceased, the professor continued to urge him, even offering to reveal the questions to his next test. Having finally been pushed past his breaking point, Fugo flies into a rage and relentlessly beats the man with an encyclopedia. Fugo was arrested for the assault and became the target of gossip among the other students. Although his parents kept him from going to prison, they disowned him and left him on his own. Fugo was initially introduced helping Narancia with basic arithmetic. This turns violent after Narancia gets the answer wrong, which then Fugo strikes him with a fork. Narancia almost retaliates with a knife before Bucciarati introduces Giorno into the gang. Fugo is the second to be attacked by Mario Zucchero when Narancia disappears and is later seen kicking his body with Narancia and Abbacchio. After Bucciarati becomes an operative and Trish Una joins the party as per the Boss' orders to bring her to him, Fugo instructs Narancia to get groceries and other supplies while making sure their location is not found. When Narancia repeats the directions incorrectly, Fugo keys him in the stomach repeatedly until he decides to simply make a map for Narancia to use. While out, Narancia would have a close encounter with Formaggio, a member of the traitorous group Squadra Esecuzioni, and would accidentally let the map slip into his hands. After Narancia returns, the gang is ordered by the Boss to retrieve a key that would help them get to the Boss' location safely and undetected. Abbacchio describes Purple Haze as a Stand that reflects Fugo's violent side, and a bird drops out of the sky and melts. Purple Haze's ability is revealed to unleash a deadly flesh-melting virus, though in the presence of Illuso and his ability to separate Stand and user, Fugo is quickly beaten and left with serious injuries. The majority of the battle afterward is left up to Giorno and Abbacchio. After beating Abbacchio, Illuso attacks Giorno when he sees him with the key, seemingly just staring at it without running away. This turns out to be part of Giorno's plan, as he infected himself with Purple Haze's virus and spreads it to Illuso easily. When Illuso severs his hand and escapes, Giorno also reveals that he's created a snake that follows him, allowing Fugo to control Purple Haze on the other side without needing to see Illuso. Purple Haze catches and brutally kills him. Though Fugo is saved, he becomes deeply concerned for Giorno, who is doomed to die within the next minute due to the virus. Giorno then reveals that the snake that tracked Illuso also has an anti-venom for Purple Haze's virus due to it being created where the virus was still present and injects himself with its blood using Gold Experience. Astonished, Fugo watches Giorno writhe in pain from the virus being forcefully purged from his body, and he begins to ponder at the calculated risks that Giorno takes, despite not completely understanding what he could be thinking. He then openly salutes Giorno for risking his life in order to beat their enemy while keeping everyone alive. Giorno, on the other hand, tells him to salute Abbacchio, who also risked his life. Fugo is present for a number of Stand attacks from the various members of Squadra Esecuzioni. However, each time the team is attacked, Fugo is unable to participate for any number of reasons: Purple Haze being too dangerous for the given situation and Fugo, therefore, ordered not to engage, Fugo being incapacitated before he could even fight, or even that the battles happen without his knowing. When Trish becomes fed up with Bucciarati's refusal to answer her questions, Fugo internally sympathizes with her and quietly stares. However, Mista interprets this as Fugo trying to peek at her breasts, before Trish adjusting herself in her seat allows them to briefly view her nipple, stupefying the two. In the anime, after Narancia dies, Fugo is seen one last time walking in the streets of Naples realizing that something has gone wrong. After leaving the group, Fugo receives new orders to work along with Rigatoni and wipe out the now traitorous Team Bucciarati. However, he finds a way to follow his orders and protect his friends at the same time by hiding Giorno's ability to resist Purple Haze's powers from Rigatoni. After going into hiding for six months following the events of Part 5, Fugo is found by Mista and Sheila E. Mista, on Giorno's behalf, provides a now guilt-laden Fugo with the mission to kill the members of Passione's former narcotics team (which includes his former classmate Massimo Volpe), in order to prove his loyalty to the gang. Still troubled over refusing to betray the Boss with Bucciarati's team, Fugo then sets out with Sheila E. and Cannolo Murolo to stop the team. While reflecting upon his past and his actions, he finally comes to find his resolve. In doing so while fighting Volpe, his Stand evolves to Purple Haze Distortion, killing Volpe and nearly taking his own life in the process. After he evolves his Stand and finishes his mission, Giorno tells Fugo that his true goal was to have him learn to control his Stand. Despite believing that Bucciarati should have been in his place receiving Giorno's honor and crying over his undeserved trust, Fugo swears loyalty to Giorno for his assistance, referring to him as "GioGio". Fugo makes his first appearance in the PS2 title, GioGio's Bizarre Adventure. In the game, Fugo has a different gameplay style from most of the other characters. Along with Narancia, he's the only other character who cannot move when his Stand is activated; The player takes direct control of Purple Haze. Fugo himself does not have any special moves (unlike Narancia's knife or Trish's pipe), all of his attacks consist of small punches and his only true "special" move is his "SHOCK" attack where Fugo activates a kind of impulse; this move serves to change the way which Purple Haze will release the Poisonous Wave. Purple Haze moves very slow, but has a fighting style similar to a boxer; the player can perform combos if his uppercut connects with the enemy. Purple Haze can also launch the poison capsules as a long-range attack, inflicting a poison status on the enemy (6 capsules at the total, which can be reloaded by disabling and activating the Stand button again). Since Purple Haze has the compulsive tendency to clean anything, if the Stand is active for too long, it will stop fighting to clean itself, forcing player control back to Fugo. The player must wait a short period of time and then reactivate Stand mode to resume control of Purple Haze. Along with most of the Part 5 heroes, Fugo makes his comeback in All Star Battle, as a DLC character available for $1.99. He was confirmed in a special presentation for the game release alongside Iggy. Unlike the previous game, Fugo can move if Purple Haze is activated, and it will follow Fugo much like the majority of Stand Users. As one of the mass majority of playable characters in the game with the "Stand" Style, Fugo can turn Purple Haze on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand. Stand Rush Exclusive to Fugo is a Capsule Icon that displays how many of Purple Haze's six bulbs/capsules are available. The capsules will only reload after Fugo uses his HHA, GHA, or when a new round starts. Certain attacks will release Purple Haze's Homicidal Virus, an unblockable purple cloud of poison that damages the opponent over time. However, Fugo may suffer from its effects if he comes into contact as well. Capsule Icon Homicidal Virus While Purple Haze is off: While Purple Haze is on: When low on health, Fugo can evolve Purple Haze into Purple Haze Distortion. Purple Haze will also automatically evolve when Fugo uses his GHA. Fugo calls out for Distortion as he grits his teeth and Purple Haze instantly transforms. Appearance-wise, Purple Haze Distortion loses its red irides, back spikes, loincloth, and boots, and its armor pieces and helmet turn black. As Distortion, the performance of Fugo's skills is increased while Purple Haze is active, and Fugo takes little damage from the Homicidal Virus. On the other hand, the opponent takes much more damage at a faster rate from the virus. Distortion will last for the rest of the battle. Fugo's Capsules are completely reloaded when evolving into Distortion. Purple Haze Distortion Fugo's HHA, "Attack like an explosion...", has him send out Purple Haze in a tempestuous flurry of punches, with the final punch breaking a capsule and releasing the virus. Fugo himself states that Purple Haze attacks like it's about to explode, and retreats like a storm. The HHA will restore up to 3 Capsules on activation (the Capsule broken during the attack is isolated from the rest and does not count). Damage is slightly increased as Distortion. Attack like an explosion... Fugo's GHA, "Resolute Eyes", has him tell the opponent that he's made a decision worth betting everything on, before he turns around and reveals a capsule between his teeth, biting down and blowing the virus forward. If they are hit, the opponent will rapidly start melting from the virus as a close-up of their skin dissolving is shown and they let out an agonizing scream. Purple Haze Distortion, hardly able to control itself, begins to violently and brutally beat the opponent, spreading the virus into their system even more. Distortion finishes by delivering a devastating spinning punch that sends them flying as they're completely eradicated. Along with Funny Valentine's GHA, Fugo's is the only special move to alter the contrast of the screen (resulting in a more black and white combination of colors to add more intensity to the special, and obscure the sight of his opponent dissolving). The GHA also completely reloads Fugo's Capsules. Of note is that Fugo's use of a capsule between his teeth to unleash the attack is in reference to his first demonstration of Distortion's power during his final battle against Massimo Volpe in Purple Haze Feedback, while Distortion's violent assault is in reference to his fight with Illuso at the same time. Resolute Eyes Alongside the rest of Team Bucciarati and Ermes Costello, Fugo is one of the only characters who activate Resolve Mode instead of the normal Rumble Mode when low on health. In this state, attacks that do not result in hard knockdowns or blow-backs no longer phase the character. Resolve Mode During dialogues before fights with the remaining cast from Part 5, Fugo is painted as a traitor (much like Araki originally wanted him to be) as he feels remorse fighting his previous friends. Narancia is the only exception, as the two simply have an aggressive altercation. Also, the events from the novel Purple Haze Feedback appears in the game as an extra chapter under the Part 5 Story Mode. The player controls Fugo and faces off against Giorno (with Gold Experience Requiem activated at the beginning of battle, permanently). After the fight, Fugo swears loyalty to Giorno, calling him "GioGio". Due to his lines, moves, and some special moves, Fugo is the only character in the game who shares mannerism from both the manga storyline and a light novel. Fugo's default color makes his hair yellow and his clothes green, but one of his alternate color schemes makes him look similar to his previous game appearance (with white hair and maroon clothes). Fugo was confirmed for the game alongside Giorno, Mista, and Narancia. In Eyes of Heaven, all references to Purple Haze Feedback have been removed, including the existence of Purple Haze Distortion. Because of this change, some of Fugo's moveset and dialogue have been adjusted accordingly. The game still features theoretical interactions between him and the other Part 5 characters in the context that they're encountering each other after Team Bucciarati's betrayal: Fugo still remains a reluctant member of Passione who interacts with his former allies with some level of regret, either shown awkwardly chatting if paired up with them, or hesitantly preparing to battle if matched against them. As a Stand User, Fugo is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. Similar to All Star Battle, Fugo's attacks allow him to unleash Purple Haze's Homicidal Virus. Anyone infected slowly loses health over time and takes increased damage from all sources. The virus is potent enough to even break health gauges by itself, contrasting other health-depleting status ailments whose effects are barred from doing the same. However, Fugo himself and even his own partner are not immune to being infected. Of note is that if Fugo is guarding when the Homicidal Virus breaks a health gauge of his, he will not be Downed nor gain invincibility. Fugo is given a third alternate costume. The costume is based on the various flashbacks from his early Passione days, wearing a collared shirt under his top and another layer of pants underneath as well. His hair is also shorter overall, and his bangs are styled differently. He is paired with Noriaki Kakyoin in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, but was eliminated in the preliminaries by Pet Shop and Kars.

Stand Name: Purple Haze is the Stand of Pannacotta Fugo, featured in Vento Aureo. Purple Haze also features centrally along with Fugo in two novels: Golden Heart, Golden Ring, and Purple Haze Feedback. Purple Haze is a Stand with an overall unstable personality. It usually behaves with barely restrained violence in its actions and is prone to incomprehensible mumblings and roars of rage in equal measure. However, Fugo can still control it. Despite its tendency to drool uncontrollably, it is also a "neat freak" and will obsessively clean the very drool off itself until it bruises its own arm. It is stated that its temper, cleanliness, and viral ability and desire to "clean" everything is similar to Fugo's own personality. In battle when punching its opponents, Purple Haze shouts, "Ubashaaaa!!!" Because of its deadly ability and its potential for indiscriminate destruction, Purple Haze is rarely used by Fugo as stated by Abbacchio. However, it is undeniably a powerful close-range Stand. Because the virus indiscriminately attacks friends and foes, it makes Purple Haze a very dangerous Stand for Fugo's allies. Even its user isn't immune from the effects of the virus. Fortunately, the range of the virus is short and it is weakened by light from any source be it sunlight or a lamp. Despite the deadly nature of the virus, an organism with the right antibodies can survive Purple Haze. Thus a snake Giorno creates from a brick inside the range of the virus has naturally created antibodies to survive. This allows Giorno to use these same antibodies to make a vaccine and save himself from being devoured.

Stand User: Mike O. is a minor antagonist and Stand user featured in Steel Ball Run. He is President Funny Valentine's personal bodyguard. When Lucy Steel and Hot Pants infiltrate the President's residence in Chicago, he battles Hot Pants in order to protect Valentine. Mike O. is a Stand User and creates deadly metal balloons through his Tubular Bells. Mike O. is a fairly serious henchman to Funny Valentine. As a security officer, Mike O is highly dedicated to his job. When someone infiltrated a presidential building to intercept a message from Ringo Roadagain, Mike O. has led an exhaustive investigation on the staff and their relatives, making over 1000 detailed files. He takes his duty as a symbol of honor and has commented that finding Hot Pants in the presidential building was a breach that stained this honor. Mike O. was also very distressed when he discovered that the First Lady Scarlet Valentine had died under his watch. On the other hand, Mike O is extremely ruthless toward those that threaten the President. Wrathful about Scarlet Valentine's death, he then decided to kill both Hot Pants and Lucy Steel on the spot as an execution. Likewise, Mike O. requested that he could execute whoever stole Ringo's message. From the way he conducts his investigation and his attitude during his fight with Hot Pants, he seems to be very intelligent, capable of combining his Stand and surrounding objects to create deadly weapons and strategies. Mike O. has a small quirk of character in which he repeatedly uses the word in all its meanings. He complains by stating his body "is freezing up in this world", asks Diego Brando "how it goes in the world of racing" or theorizes that the person who infiltrates Valentine's government could "be involved in the world of Stand Users". Mike O.'s Stand is Tubular Bells, with which he blows balloon animals out of metal (often long, iron nails), gaining a life to track and/or invade the body of a target; exploding and reverting suddenly to their metallic form. Mike O. makes his first appearance when his principles decide it is time for Diego Brando to reveal the traitor's identity. The president gives him the task to track down and kill the intruder who was helped by Mountain Tim, and Mike proceeds by using his Stand powers to create a little group of balloon-dogs. These dogs memorize the intruder's scent and hide in the President's bedroom to protect him. After a confrontation with Scarlet Valentine and the insidious balloon-dogs, Lucy barely manages to steal the President's corpse parts and survive. Mike, who perceived the explosion of his dogs, tries to figure out what happened when Hot Pants appears to save Lucy. Once attacked, he uses his Stand to turn the tin shutters into flying explosive swans and the shutter themselves into flying deadly guillotines. By using this trick, he manages to amputate Hot Pants arm before her Cream Starter could reach him. Attempting a final blow, Mike misses his target, revealing the presence of Lucy and (to his shock) the dead body of Scarlet Valentine. Furious because he couldn't manage to protect the first lady, he loses his mind and blows into his needles to prepare his last attack. It is now that Hot Pants reveals to have used her flesh spray to throw tiny meat particles and put them into Mike's lungs. He ends up accidentally killing himself when his lungs are filled with too much air and explode.

Stand Name: Tubular Bells is the Stand of Mike O., featured in Steel Ball Run. Tubular Bells is mainly a versatile ability-granting Stand which enables Mike O. to create semi-automatic balloon animals, thus allowing him to deploy his Stand over long distances and have a comparatively wide array of options during a fight. Like many ability-granting Stands, Tubular Bells is poor at defending its User, which proves to be Mike O. 's demise against Hot Pants' Cream Starter. Tubular Bells grants its user Mike O. the ability to inflate metal items by blowing into them like balloons and likewise shape them into automatic drones he can command. Mike O. simply has to blow into any metallic object, for instance nails, screws, fences or tin shutters, to inflate them like he would a rubber balloon. The inflated metal then seems to partially take on the characteristics of a balloon, as it is able to be easily reshaped by Mike O., floats midair and has great elasticity as it can fit inside narrow spaces. The shape of the balloon seems to depend on the shape of the inflated object. With long nails, Mike O. forms long thin balloons, while most are typically round. Mike O. is able to model the metal, and chooses to create balloon animals most of the time, for instance, dogs out of nails or birds out of tin shutters. The balloons can be remotely modeled, and they act on Mike O. 's command, able to follow simple instructions. For instance, he can register someone's scent into a balloon, which will automatically attack anyone with the same scent. However that autonomy also means that the balloons can be lured into attacking someone unrelated. When the balloon animals make contact with their target, they burrow into their body and revert to their original form, harmfully embedding their constituent object there. By converting a flat heavy metal object into a floating balloon, it is possible to fashion a guillotine with enough potential energy to tear down a wall.

Stand User: Yasuho Hirose is the deuteragonist of JoJolion. Yasuho is an ordinary college student who discovers Josuke Higashikata on the coast of Morioh. As Josuke seeks his identity, she becomes his primary ally and love interest. Yasuho eventually becomes a Stand User, manipulating her Paisley Park to investigate the city's mysteries. Yasuho is a mild-mannered yet inquisitive young woman living in Morioh. She is somewhat innocent, in one instance naively following Josuke's requests to look elsewhere while he beat Ojiro during interrogation. She is more easily upset than Josuke. Despite this she does show a level of intelligence, using Josuke's cap as a lead to discovering his past, which led to their discovery of Yoshikage Kira. She is also somewhat understanding of others, as she was also able to discern, after discovering photos of bound women in Kira's home, that Josuke was not the type of person to do such a thing. She named Josuke after her dog since he resembled him. She disagrees with her mother's carefree lifestyle, suffering some unhappiness with her domestic life as a result. On the other hand, Yasuho used to idealize her father and after the divorce of her parents, always cherished the moments she would spend time with him, to the point an illusion of her father wanting to cut off ties with her broke her heart and pushed her to try to commit suicide. She harbors a growing fondness for Josuke, with whom she shares a close and warm alliance. As JoJolion progresses, this fondness develops into a sincere attachment. Being eager to reunite with him, she expresses tears when they finally do, a sentiment which Josuke shares. It can be inferred that their feelings have developed into a genuine romance, as the two are shown holding hands as they walk when they finally meet back up. On the other hand, it is possible that Yasuho still has feelings for her ex-boyfriend Tooru, with whom she is still intimate. In addition to her growing feelings for Josuke, she seems to get along quite well with Tsurugi Higashikata. While Tsurugi initially kidnapped her on orders of Yotsuyu Yagiyama, Tsurugi developed an attachment to her (along with a possible crush) and revealed the family secret including his real gender to her. She, in turn, grew fond of him as the two work together to find out Josuke's identity and more about the Rokakaka fruit. They have even fought enemies together, such as Aisho Dainenjiyama, and the two could be seen hanging out together. Over the course of the story, Yasuho grows into a fiercer woman due to the repeated fights she has to participate in. While at the beginning of the story she was completely helpless against foes as she didn't master her Stand, she progressively shows more resourcefulness in the face of the enemy and has shown a readiness to hurt them. Yasuho is aided by Paisley Park, a Stand of great scope able to guide individuals significant to Yasuho towards safer or more mutually beneficial goals or destinations, and facilitate Yasuho's own searches. On a humorous note, Yasuho is shown to be able to lick her own elbow. Yasuho is born in Morioh around 1992. She spends her childhood in the town, at one point befriending Joshu Higashikata. Around this time, she had a dog named Josuke. Her parents divorced when she was 10 years old and from that point on, she started living with her mother and spending weekends with her father. During her first year in middle school, Yasuho buys a hair clip from a street vendor, in reality, a Rock Animal in disguise. Over the course of the week, it secretly causes her to produce a dramatic amount of skin flakes. Yasuho is then tricked into trying to commit suicide when the Rock Animal creates a fake of her father which "cut ties" with her. Nonetheless, Yasuho's mother finds her and calls an ambulance before she could die. On recovery, Yasuho coincidentally meets with Holy Joestar-Kira and Yoshikage Kira, the latter of which destroys the hair clip. Yasuho subsequently keeps the pieces of the clip in a box and forgets about the incident. At some point during high school, she dated Tooru. Yasuho is introduced huddled on the ground near the Wall Eyes, hiding from Joshu Higashikata, a childhood friend. She sees a naked man in a sailor cap half buried in the ground. Wary, she calls an ambulance between simple questions. She is interrupted by Joshu, who misinterprets the scene; becoming jealous and launching a lethal attack on the man. The man subdues Joshu with a mysterious power, and they are all collected by an ambulance. Yasuho visits and brings flowers to both Joshu and the man. She gives them both Morioh-speciality Dango balls while staying in the man's room to converse. She is entertained by his innocence and moved to sympathy by his attention and predicament. She decides to follow him in his escape from the hospital and offers to help him discover his identity. Identifying the brand on the label in his hat, Yasuho takes the man to the "SBR" hat shop; finding its sale on the shopkeeper's record under Yoshikage Kira, with an address. Yasuho thinks the name an ill fit and tells him that he comes off as more of a "Josuke", as he reminds her of her childhood dog of the same name. Both travel to the apartment, and after a provisional scan, they discover a woman naked in the bathtub. Suspicious, she asks the girl if she is Josuke's girlfriend. The girl doesn't answer, so Yasuho searches for other clues, finding a photo album. Containing sordid images of the girl in various states of bondage, and a man similar to Josuke in the background, the album terrifies Yasuho causing her to scream and drop it. Crying, she tells him to stay away, before running out of the apartment onto the street. Outside, she meets two school friends and passes on their offer to meet later. She cries, feeling betrayed. Eventually, she returns to the apartment, reflecting that what she had learned previously of Josuke's nature is not consistent with the tastes reflected in the album. However, she is attacked upon entering the room by Ojiro Sasame, a Stand user based in the room above. Josuke defeats him and discovers that neither he or Ojiro are Kira. Later, Yasuho, alongside the protagonist, discovers the real Kira's corpse in a body of water near the Wall Eyes. Without any leads, she decides to lodge the protagonist with the Higashikata family until they can find his real identity (they independently give him the name "Josuke"). After a quick introduction to the family, Yasuho is eventually escorted out of the Higashikata household by the maid and is threatened to never return, meet with Josuke, or "tempt" Joshu. Yasuho returns to her house, finding her mother inebriated beside the couch with the mark of a kiss on her breast. Crying, she denounces her mother's lifestyle. Before leaving, she opens a letter of reply from an agency that she sent a sample of Kira and Josuke's DNA, learning that "to within 95.8% accuracy", the two represent "the same person". The two eventually discover that Yoshikage's mother Holy Kira was a world-renowned ophthalmologist and is currently being kept in Morioh's hospital as a patient. She makes a call to Josuke and agrees to meet with him at the hospital. Yasuho manages to get into the hospital and speak with Holy, but not before noticing a strange bite mark on her ankle. After being taken away by hospital security for talking to Holy without permission, Holy notices that Yasuho has also developed Stand powers of her own, but she can only use them at a subconscious level. Using the pain from the bite mark before as an excuse, Yasuho is re-permitted into the hospital and discovers more of Holy's condition. The next day, Josuke calls Yasuho at school, but she doesn't answer as he was using Joshu's cell phone. She does, however, notice that he was, at the time, located on Shakedown Road and near a landmark statue called the Joestar Jizō. She discovers, with Paisley Park's help, that the jizō was built as a memorial to Johnny Joestar, who died in Morioh from what was ultimately determined to be a freak accident in 1901. Later that day, Yasuho travels to the Meditation Pine Tree near the Wall Eyes and realizes she can see both the Higashikata mansion and the spring where she previously found Josuke. She finds another article in the newspaper of a small infant that was discovered beneath the pine tree around the same time as Johnny's death. Upon further inspection, Yasuho spots a hole at the base of the pine tree and goes in for a closer look, but is suddenly grabbed by a hand reaching out of it causing her to lose her shoe. She is pulled under where an obscure figure gropes her. A moment later, Yasuho finds herself in the Higashikata Family's cellar directly below the Meditation Pine. The room is filled with several memorabilia dating to the Showa Era (~1937) and there she encounters Tsurugi Higashikata, who attempts to play a game with her using a mildly profane Paper fortune teller. Yasuho eventually realizes her phone is missing and grabs Tsurugi demanding to know where it is when she discovers that Tsurugi is actually male. He explains that the eldest son of each generation in the Higashikata family is raised as a girl until his 12th birthday to ward off "a curse". To aid Yasuho, Paisley Park summons itself and travels to Josuke's location, where it inspires Josuke to send her a text message. Yasuho's phone goes off and she traces the source of the noise from underneath the carpet. Tsurugi tries to stop her by grabbing her hand, but after breaking free, Yasuho finds the phone folded like an origami frog and it attacks her. Leaving the room, phone in hand, she spots another room. Looking in the window, it is small and austere, containing a set of clothes similar to that worn by Kira, and a collection of objects including an Enter the Dragon poster and Ultraman figurine, among others. Yasuho heads back into town, trailed by Tsurugi. She speaks with a woman with a particular, angular face, who asks for directions. Another woman passes with the same face, as well as a window cleaner, the mannequins in the window of a store, and everyone around her, except for Tsurugi. Yasuho embarks on an unhappy adventure through a commercial center of Morioh, during which she is antagonized by the distorted visages of her mother, Joshu, and a criminal group attempting to kidnap her who she mistakes for police; as she tries unsuccessfully to meet again with Josuke. When Tsurugi last reveals himself, Yasuho concedes, following him back to his playroom. Elsewhere, Josuke deduces that he is no longer afflicted by Tsurugi's Stand because he has fallen out of its range and that Yasuho was its main target. Through the slot in the door of the second underground room, somebody spies on Tsurugi and Yasuho's return. Yasuho goes to Tsurugi's playroom. He apologizes, admitting that he targeted her with his Stand, Paper Moon King. Asking again the purpose of the underground complex, Tsurugi explains that it is a space dedicated to treating the mysterious illness that turns the skin hard like stone befalling all Higashikata firstborns. Yasuho is reminded of Holy's condition, whose brain is becoming hard and smooth, memories fragmenting, and that Kira tried to save her. Falling asleep, a figure emerges from behind a jacket hanging on the wall. Uttering obscurities, mentioning Soft & Wet and an opinion that Josuke need not exist, the man pulls a sheet of clear material from his eyes, pinning it around Yasuho's wrists and face. Taking a pitcher of water, he begins to waterboard Yasuho, waking her to a gasping panic. Emptying it, he tells her that he has been observing her for a long time, and explicitly to reveal her Stand. Breaking the glass and failing to cut the material, Yasuho reveals her Stand, shooting from her feet across the floor, before the man pins its leg with his foot, catching its head as it rises from the ground, shocking Yasuho. The man is able to accurately deduce aspects of the Stand's limitation before it escapes his grasp through the hatch in the ceiling. Touching Josuke, Paisley Park reminds him of Tsurugi's implication in the earlier Stand attack, inspiring him to return to the Higashikata estate. Telling Yasuho that he has been watching "all of them" up to now, the man introduces himself as Yotsuyu Yagiyama, an architect who most of all desires social status, for which purpose he intends to ensure that Josuke's memories do not return when Josuke "dies again". Slipping on an origami banana skin Yasuho had been folding and falling, she is freed, just as he disappears. Afraid, Yasuho concludes that the Higashikatas must not be aware of Yotsuyu. Yasuho begins to master her Stand Paisley Park when Tsurugi knocks at her door and asks her to help. After Josuke gives them the key of Jobin Higashikata's Lamborghini, Yasuho investigates the GPS of the car and manages to discover that Jobin exchanged the fruit Tsurugi is after with another man: Aisho Dainenjiyama. When Jobin and Joshu barge in the car where the Lamborghini is, Yasuho manages to hide herself and Tsurugi from them using Paisley Park's ability to foresee obstacles. Yasuho proceeds to investigate Aisho, and watches over him near the Morioh Stadium. There, she and Tsurugi discover that the fruit is being sold, but Aisho realizes he's being observed. Aisho then releases his Stand Doobie Wah!, sending it after Yasuho and Tsurugi forcing them to flee. Aisho eventually corners them, but Tsurugi kills him by having him unwittingly walk into a bus. The next day, Yasuho meets with Josuke again and spends some sweet time with him. However, Josuke then cancels his date, having to follow yet another trail to his identity. Josuke calls Yasuho for help with tracking down the user of Blue Hawaii. He had left a soap bubble with Dolomite's tooth in it, so Yasuho could use Paisley Park to search medical records and find out whose tooth it is. After finding the tooth, Paisley Park finds a classified document recording an incident where Dorokoma Masaji had eaten 15 of a school's rabbits and another where he had eaten 25 chickens on a farm. She notices some dirt on the tooth, and prepares to use Paisley Park to track down the source of the dirt, but is ambushed by Jobin Higashikata who causes her to pass out from heatstroke using his stand. Jobin then stomps on her phone, breaking it, and tosses the tooth down a grate. Yasuho later wakes up but has no way of finding the enemy alone. Josuke, who has been beaten and controlled by Blue Hawaii, now mindlessly walks up to Mutsukabe Shrine. Yasuho spots him and trails Josuke up to Dolomite, whom she attacks with a metal bar and defeats easily since the Rock Human has no limbs. Yasuho goes as far as threatening to push Dolomite into a mud pit, forcing the Rock Human to surrender. Dolomite reveals to Yasuho and Josuke that Jobin was the one who asked him to attack Josuke, also stating that the two have gotten involved in something incredibly dangerous. Yasuho then takes the bus alongside Josuke to meet the plant appraiser, whom she meets earlier than thought when the plant appraiser hijacks the bus they are in, claiming they are under attack and that his safety is the priority. The plant appraiser, named Rai Mamezuku, is suspicious of Yasuho, but she pays him no mind, using Paisley Park to hack the passengers' smartphones and prevent them from informing anyone of what is happening to the bus. They arrive at a parking lot, and Yasuho is then invited alongside Josuke to Rai's home. The latter cooks a creme Romanoff for Yasuho, and she is pleasantly surprised at the snack. However, her meal is interrupted when a tree sneaks on her, and Josuke has to save her from falling. Nonetheless, Rai tosses her to the ground, exposing her to the enemy's power. Trying to run to safety, Yasuho is the first to see the face of the enemy. A Rock Human named Urban Guerrilla, encased in his pet Doremifasolati Do, attacks Yasuho again, but Rai stabs Urban and she manages to wash away the swarm of enemy Stand threatening to bore holes into her faces. When the enemy team plunges underground, Josuke jumps down to assist her. Using Paisley Park, Yasuho detects a bedrock area which can serve as a shelter. However, when Doremifasolati Do resurfaces, Josuke learns that his attacks are ineffective and thus Yasuho must flee to the bedrock area with him and is stuck at the top of a boulder. As her powers aren't useful in direct combat, Yasuho is forced to watch Josuke and Rai battle the enemy and eventually defeat them. After the battle, Rai isolates Yasuho and tells her to go home to safety. However, she begins to narrate her own backstory and reaffirms her will to help Josuke. Only interested in the strange hair clip which tormented her, Rai sends her home to analyze the clip. Yasuho watches news footage of the fire at the Higashikata household as she sits in the waiting room of the hospital for menstrual pain and depression. Although she has been reassured by Rai and Josuke, she is nonetheless worried about the stolen Rokakaka branch. She then catches a glimpse of Mitsuba Higashikata and her doctor notices that Mitsuba's legs have been turned to stone by the Rokakaka. Investigating further, she finds herself under attack by said doctor, Dr. Wu Tomoki, who controls Mitsuba's body. Wu tries to transfer himself from Mitsuba but Yasuho, but in the time it takes him to completely invade her, Yasuho manages to extract the few fragments inside of her acting as a beacon for others and takes the released Mitsuba with her. After Yasuho explains what she knows about the Rokakaka and the hospital, Mitsuba reveals that she's just learned that she's pregnant and that she's worried for the child. Thus the two then try to reach the examination room where Mitsuba last recalls her examination. Pursued by Wu Tomoki, Yasuho and Mitsuba manage to get rid of him several times thanks to Awaking III Leaves, Mitsuba's Stand. On their way, Yasuho also meets with her ex-boyfriend Toru and tells him to tell Josuke where she is headed. In the examination room, Yasuho discovers a secret tape of Wu Tomoki explaining to the audience the mechanisms of the Rokakaka and opens the door to a secret laboratory containing a garden of Rokakaka. However, Yasuho notices that the stolen Rokakaka branch from the Higashikata garden isn't there. Wu Tomoki suddenly reappears, having taken control once again of Mitsuba by hiding in the Rokakaka she eats to save her child. Yasuho must fight Wu Tomoki again, and then during the fight, vials containing deadly diseases are broken. Yasuho returns some of Mitsuba's arrows against Wu Tomoki and purges him out of Mitsuba again. When the doctor tries to scatter the Rokakaka fruit and threatens to force-feed them the fruits, Josuke finally comes in and saves Yasuho. Yasuho then explains to the group her findings and she deduces that since Mitsuba was targeted by Wu Tomoki, the branch must have been taken by a third group, Jobin Higashikata being a prime suspect. To her frustration, Josuke and Rai nonetheless decide to chase after the last member of the Rokakaka Organization: Satoru Akefu, the head doctor of TG University Hospital, who mysteriously has no available picture of himself anywhere. Although Yasuho tries to hack the cameras through Paisley Park, she cannot snap a picture of the head doctor. Even more strangely, unnoticed obstacles keep preventing the group from catching up to the old man. During the chase, Yasuho meets with Tooru again and he flirts with her, causing a mix of suspicion and jealousy from Josuke's part. As Dr. Akefu keeps evading them and leaves the hospital, Yasuho receives a message from Tooru asking her to be with him again. The chase culminates in a car almost crashing into her, although she is saved by Soft & Wet. However, the doctor has boarded a bus and the trio must stop their chase for the time being. When Josuke gets into a fight with a patient whose broken neck snaps in front of him, Yasuho finds herself alone again as Josuke must deal with the authorities with Rai. This allows Tooru to come back and get closer to her as he reassures he will testify for Josuke. Yasuho is next shown sitting on her porch with Tooru as she waits for Paisley Park to find Rai  and the face of the head doctor. After listening to Tooru's proposal, she is distracted when Paisley Park finds a record of Rai purchasing some goods but loses his trace again. Remembering that she was pursuing Satoru Akefu , Tooru shows her a photo of Satoru's face. However, Yasuho is more shocked to discover that Mitsuba and Akefu are acquainted since she is on the photo too. At the same time, the rain has reached Yasuho's location. Yasuho appears as part of the stage hazard and Situation Finish in the Wall Eyes stage. If one of the fighters is knocked down on the "hazard" indication area, Yasuho backs away in fright, causing Joshu to appear and run through the stage, hitting anyone who gets in his way with a rock until he reaches her. Before Joshu starts his action, her Stand Paisley Park will appear and track Joshu's way. As a Situation Finish, the losing side is knocked out near Yasuho, causing Joshu to become angry and finish the character off with a large stone (referencing the way he attacks Josuke in their first encounter) as Yasuho appears surprised. Yasuho also appears as one of the characters who can be used on Campaign Mode's profile.

Stand Name: Paisley Park is the Stand of Yasuho Hirose, featured in JoJolion. It has an independent personality, since it first manifests unconsciously by Yasuho in order to assist Josuke by bringing him to safety from his pursuer. Paisley Park is loyal to Yasuho and helps her as well as her friends to reach destinations or bypass security. Its primary objective is protecting Yasuho which doesn't change even after it is discovered by Yasuho herself. The Stand can be aggressive when protecting its owner if she is threatened, as shown when it allows Yasuho to flee from the vehicle of kidnappers by twisting the ankle of the driver, causing the car to crash and the kidnappers to smash headfirst through the windshield. Though its ability is ill-defined, Paisley Park's has been described by Yotsuyu Yagiyama as a long-range Stand, resistant to conscious control and of low physical potency. Paisley Park isn't suitable for direct confrontation, but it is highly automonous and able to assist its user and allies constantly through various ways. Paisley Park's primary ability involves assisting individuals significant to Yasuho in finding and reaching destinations more expediently, or escaping perilous situations. Paisley Park has for example manipulated a phone's GPS application, the results of a web search engine to enhance the efficiency of her investigations and instigated a chain of events allowing Yasuho to bypass security clearance through mistaken identity. Paisley Park can also separate from its user and go far away to help another ally in need. When Yasuho discovers Paisley Park for herself, it displays time-limited choices on her cellphone or laptop. After selecting an option, the Stand provides her with the item she asked for which then comes in handy later. For example, the choice of flashlight results in Paisley Park giving it to Yasuho, which then illuminates the location of something else she ends up needing a few minutes later. The Stand offers a choice whenever Yasuho needs to solve a problem, despite whether or not she's aware of what's going to happen, but doesn't act when Yasuho is too slow to choose. Although it mainly resides in her cellphone, Paisley Park enables Yasuho to interact with various electronics at a level beyond humanly possible. Paisley Park can hack into various electronic devices with ease and use them to help Yasuho in her investigations or any other activity she is focused on, bypassing any security they may have. For instance, it could break into the data servers of the local police to identify Dolomite by linking a tooth to medical records and dental prints. It can also travel through computer networks from Yasuho's mobile phone in order to interact with other systems without being near the hardware. This particular ability is portrayed as Paisley Park going through endless corridors full of doors and breaking locks. At a more basic level, Paisley Park can delete/wipe files such as images or videos from other people's phones if Yasuho wills it. Paisley Park also seems to be able to "copy" certain technological abilities. For instance, she is shown using her hand as an X-Ray to find the pieces of rock in Yasuho's face. Paisley Park can freely change its shape. It can shift from a three-dimensional humanoid form into a flat, shadow-like figure, or even a formless puddle. This ability isn't limited to shape alone, as it was able to turn its head into a globe, changing usual road map symbols into the map of the Earth, and then into a map of the town.

Stand User: Pet Shop is a minor antagonist appearing in Stardust Crusaders. This vicious falcon is a member of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods, the guardian of DIO's Mansion, and is a Stand user wielding the ice Stand, Horus. When Iggy inadvertently stumbles upon DIO's Mansion, Pet Shop attacks him. A ruthless sentry who is loyal to his post, Pet Shop almost always bears a menacing glare and does not discriminate against any who trespasses DIO's mansion. He intended to kill a small boy and would have if it wasn't for Iggy's interference, and showed no remorse in eating the eyes of two dogs he decapitated in front of their owner. He is extremely relentless in hunting down his prey, as shown by his pursuit of Iggy, no matter how risky the path to his prey might be and is highly intelligent, having identified the beggar employed by Avdol as a spy and tearing up the photograph of the mansion after killing him to destroy his work. Pet Shop's Stand Horus gives him the capacity to generate and manipulate ice, which he primarily uses to create ice spikes and propel them as makeshift missiles. As a bird, Pet Shop possesses the natural ability to fly, which he does with extreme proficiency. For instance, Pet Shop is able to fly under a moving car. Moreover, because he possesses specialized air sacks to store air, he can breathe underwater and swim longer than even a dog. His eyesight is extremely sharp, which combined with his high-speed flying ability allows him to track targets which try to flee as Iggy did. Pet Shop serves as the guardian of DIO's mansion in Egypt and is part of the Egypt 9 Glory Gods. He ruthlessly kills any who may trespass or he deems as suspicious. When he first appears, Pet Shop decapitates two large dogs with ease and crushes a beggar (employed by Avdol to find DIO's mansion) and his car with his Stand. Iggy witnesses this, but doesn't want to be involved, so he plays dumb. Pet Shop, with some suspicion, leaves him alone. He then returns to his post at the gate of DIO's Mansion and finds the young owner of the two dogs he killed climbing under it. He is about to attack and kill the boy when Iggy saves him, revealing himself as a Stand user. The two begin to fight, and Iggy, not wanting to fight and somewhat overwhelmed by Pet Shop's abilities, retreats into a sewer, expecting Pet Shop to be unable to follow. This proves to be incorrect as the bird is both relentless and skilled with amazing aerial agility and even the ability to maneuver underwater for some time, easily cornering Iggy inside. Pet Shop almost secures victory, trapping Iggy's leg in a block of ice and firing more ice at him. Unfortunately, Iggy barely escapes this at the cost of his front paw, severing it himself in order to dodge. In the end, Iggy bites Pet Shop's beak closed as he attempts to fire an icicle out of it. Iggy bites down so hard, he crushes Pet Shop's beak in his jaws, killing him. Pet Shop appears as one of the final enemies, though the player's whole party must fight him, unlike in the manga where only Iggy ever encounters him. Pet Shop appears as a playable character and was only available in the second version of the game. All of Pet Shop's moves are based on his ability to create ice, such as throwing Ice Stakes, trapping the enemy on the ground with ice or anything related to icicle attacks. His first special move shoots several ice stakes with great speed as a projectile attack. His second special move creates a giant ice block that comes from above the screen (the same move he used to kill the agent in front of DIO's mansion). His last special move sends Pet Shop to the back of the screen from where he shoots even more ice stakes at the opponent. This, however, only works as a grab special move. Pet Shop is widely considered the most powerful character in the game, with incredibly strong special control from his many projectiles and unblockable setups stemming from his overhanging icicle attack. Playing Pet Shop is generally considered "poor taste" and he's typically soft-banned in most Tournament settings. If hit by Alessi's Stand attack, Pet Shop turns into an egg but still can use his Stand to make small icicles, possibly implying that Pet Shop was born with his Stand ability. His ending on Arcade Mode portrays a hypothetical situation in which Pet Shop manages to kill all the main heroes. Pet Shop continues to act as the guardian of DIO's Mansion, as the text says "And Pet Shop never allowed anyone to come near the Mansion, anyone...". Pet Shop was confirmed for the game alongside Lisa Lisa. So far, he is also the only playable character in the game who does not possess a voice actor, receiving his voice from various hawk sound effects instead, and relying on the narrator for spoken portions, similar to Baoh in All Star Battle. Pet Shop has a unique form of movement: flight. While flying, he has high mobility and can ascend. He can "sidestep" and dash as well, and has access to all his skills. His Normal and Powerful attacks will send ice shards at the opponent with some homing capability, and the Powerful attack can be charged to increase the number of shards fired at once. However, his stamina will slowly deplete, and the depletion rate increases when actively ascending. When his stamina empties, or he idly hovers close to the ground, Pet Shop will land. While on the ground, Pet Shop cannot move, loses access to most skills, and what Normal attack he has takes the form of meek ice shards forming around him to hurt opponents in range. However, he is now capable of guarding. Of note is that Pet Shop's stamina regeneration is slower than average, granting opponents a larger opening of attack before he can take flight again. As a Stand User, Pet Shop is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle. Note: In the English localization, there exists multiple naming inconsistencies regarding Pet Shop's skills. His "C-CAAAAW" skill has also been named "Caaaaaaw!" under its EX variation and the JoJolities list, and his "C-Caw" skill has also been named "Caw Caw" under its EX variation. Along with the other characters from Parts 1 through 3, Pet Shop's main color scheme is based on his anime appearance. He is paired with Kars in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament. In the preliminaries, they defeat Pannacotta Fugo and Noriaki Kakyoin in the first round, and Dio Brando and Joseph Joestar in the second. In the semifinals, they defeated Jotaro Kujo and Kakyoin in the first round, and Jotaro and DIO in the second. Ultimately, the team wins the Tournament, defeating Jolyne and Gyro Zeppeli in the final round.

Stand Name: Horus is the Stand of Pet Shop, featured in Stardust Crusaders. Horus rarely appears in its true form, spending most of its time bound directly to Pet Shop's body. When it does manifest separate from its master, it appears as a large, skeletal creature with the head of a pterosaur. It has multiple limbs ending in bird-like talons, including six small arms on its torso and several pairs of legs on its lower body, giving it some resemblance to a spider or centipede. In the colored manga, Horus is presented as being icy blue with yellow eyes, and in the anime as being grey with red eyes. Horus has no personality of its own. It represents Horus, the Egyptian God of the sky. Horus is a powerful ice Stand that allows Pet Shop to perform powerful ranged attacks, which, coupled with Pet Shop's agility and flight as a falcon, make for a fearsome opponent in battle. Horus gives its master the ability to generate ice in large quantity and at a rapid rate. Pet Shop uses the ice in various ways to fight. Horus is so powerful it can generate blocks of ice large enough to crush a car and make the temperature around it drop noticeably despite the hot and dry atmosphere of Egypt. In a humid environment, its real potential is unleashed and the cryokinesis is even more efficient. This power is often used offensively to create icicles that can be thrown with incredible force toward a target, acting like missiles. The ice is usually generated a decent distance away from Pet Shop but it can also generate shards in his own beak as a close-range attack. Horus's ice can also be used to create blocks or walls to restrict enemy movement, as well as simply freezing everything around itself to trap a target. It can also be used to freeze over Pet Shop's wounds, preventing them from bleeding out. Pet Shop is also shown to generate ice on his talons to presumably augment their dangerousness.

Stand User: Oyecomova is a minor antagonist featured in Steel Ball Run. Oyecomova is a terrorist from the Kingdom of Naples who participates in the Steel Ball Run. Having heard of Gyro Zeppeli's participation, he seeks revenge on him and attacks Gyro alongside Mountain Tim and Johnny Joestar in the Rocky Mountains. Oyecomova is a Stand User who wields the Stand, Boku no Rhythm wo Kiitekure to create bombs. Boku no Rhythm wo Kiitekure allows Oyecomova to create and attach special time bombs to anything he touches, be it solid objects or even water and smoke. This makes him very deadly to approach. Even before acquiring his Stand, Oyecomova was an extremely skilled bomb-maker, who became notorious for his deadly bombs and even managing to create a makeshift bomb in prison and use it to escape. Oyecomova is a terrorist from Italy. A few years before the Steel Ball Run, he had attempted to assassinate the king by blowing up his carriage. It was the king's good fortune to not be in the carriage; however, five people—including two children—were killed. Oyecomova was arrested and imprisoned to await his execution, but within the prison that he was being held at, Oyecomova managed to kill a guard by putting gunpowder in his ear. With this accomplished, he proceeded to make his escape. Over time, his skills with explosives improved and eventually evolved into a Stand when Oyecomova entered the Devil's Palm. Using his Stand's abilities, Oyecomova attempted to assassinate Gyro Zeppeli, as well as anyone who got in his way; in his rampage, he blew up a hotel, nearly killed Mountain Tim and came very close to finishing off his intended target, which he had stated would be followed by him completing his previous mission of assassinating the king. He was defeated, however, thanks to a combination of Gyro's steel balls and Stand Despite the fact that Oyecomova was defeated, Valentine learns that part of the body is Johnny and Gyro. This means that Oyecomova at least survived.

Stand Name: Boku no Rhythm wo Kiitekure is the Stand of Oyecomova, featured in Steel Ball Run. Boku no Rhythm wo Kiitekure's bomb ability makes it very dangerous to face directly, as anything around Oyecomova becomes a potential trap. Boku no Rhythm wo Kiitekure has the ability to insert small bombs into practically any medium Oyecomova touches. The bombs take the form of small pins topped with clocks that affix themselves to any surface, not just solid matter. It's been shown that the pins can be placed on almost anything, including Oyecomova's skin, other people, water, animals, dirt, and even cigarette smoke. After a while, the highly-sensitive pins are set off when they spring into the air and explode with great force, a couple of bombs being able to inflict significant damage on a building. The only way to stop the bombs is to stop them from springing. However, even if the pins were to be held down by hand, which would severely hamper the fighting ability of most, intense sweating from combat would cause them to ultimately slip loose. The Stand can place as many pins as it wants, shown when it managed to put one pin on every bee of a swarm. The bombs also make its user essentially untouchable, as grabbing him or striking him would riddle the attacker with pins.

